2	"- Great promo deal for a lovely 2 night stay with dining credit. \n- Elegant hotel with an great atmosphere to keep me indoors all weekend long. \n- Awesome pool to lounge even in 104 degree weather.\n- Daniel Boulud Brasserie. Fine Dining.\n- A room with a \""perfectly\"" sized bath to fit 2 people.\n- Waterfall with one bad @$$ giant frog who sing and dance. Just Lovely..\n\nFor everything done so right, how could I have taken one star off perfection? \n- A snooty casino \""red card\"" info booth attendant lady and a rude cashier lady who was very unhelpful and unwilling to answer questions. BAH to you."
2	"we didn't stay here - but i have to say that as far as 'over the top vegas style' goes - this place does it REALLY WELL. when you walk in you feel much more relaxed than in the other mad houses they call hotels. \n\nit smells delish like expensive citrusy aftershave or something.  \n\nat the outside cocktail lounge the woman taking ids addressed us all by name which i thought was a nice touch. \n\nthe casino feels more like an afterthought instead of the main attraction like it is in all the other hotels. \n\nif i ever go back to vegas (hopefully not) i will absolutely drop the bank to stay at the wynn to avoid the throngs."
1	"I am extremely disappointed. I thought vacations are suppose to be relaxing. I will never ever stay at the Wynn  or any hotel associated with the Wynn ever again.  They use cheap tactics to make a cheap few extra bucks.\n\nWe booked a room based on a promo rate. We got confirmation and all was well. When we arrived, we were given a higher rate along with other mistakes inconsistent with the promo. We caught everything else but didnt catch the room rate difference.\n\nFor most professional and well-managed establishments who respect their patrons. It's no big deal. BUT NOT SNOBBY WYNN !!! They said since we re-confirmed upon arrival, the new rate applies. Yah.. they tried to give us a $50 dining credit instead of a $100 dining credit as stated by the promo too. \n\nDISHONEST !!! LIES LIES LIES!!!"
2	"Plush. Expensive. This is probably the nicest hotel I've stayed at. The bed is like sleeping on a cloud. It's the best sleep I've had in a while. Flatscreen tv. Huge bathtub. Tv in the bathroom. Desk with fax and internet connection to do your work if you're here for business (but you gotta pay for that internet, around $12). And oh, DON'T touch those mini bar snacks!! Move them for more than 30 seconds and they'll charge you whether you eat them or not. A good place to stay if you plan on staying in the room for an extended period of time, but a little too costly if you're going to be out most of the time.\n\nGAMBLING:\n\n25 cent Wheel of Fortune is my new best friend. There's nothing like spinning the wheel and winning a couple hundred dollars. Make sure you can hear other people spinning and winning though, because one time I played when people weren't  and lost some money.\n\nRoulette tables change their minimum at night. The cheapest table is $10 and it goes up to $15. It's not a big bump, but it's big enough to keep me from playing more than a couple of spins. I don't know if it's a Vegas norm or a Wynn norm. And personally, I think the table was hitting 00 a little too often.\n\n1 cent slots--fun to play, easy to win, but overall I think you win more by playing something like Wheel of Fortune.\n\nSKINNY on the WYNN PLAYER's CARD (RED CARD):\n\nFREE PLAY\nUpon signing up for the Red Card you get $10 free play. You do not have to be a guest to get the card. After earning (by spending/winning) 25 points you get to spin their wheel and win a prize (money in slot play, free buffets, etc). However, do not assume that 1 point equals 1 dollar as I did, because 1 point is actually $3 spent/won. Yikes! I was wondering why it was taking so long to accumulate points...\n\nSKIP THE BUFFET LINE\nGet the Red Card and you can skip the long regular buffet line and stand in a shorter Red Card line.\n\nFREE BUFFETS\nUpon signing up for the Red Card, you can earn points during your visit to win 2 free buffets. (I don't know how this works for people who are not guests of the hotel. I was there for 3 days so I had 3 days to earn my points.) To win the buffets, you do have to earn 150 points, which is a lot, but depending how big a gambler you are, you might earn it pretty quickly. And if you're an even bigger gambler and earn 500 points, you can get 2 more free buffets. Buffets can be used during a future visit. \n\nIf you're with another person you can just use the same card to accumulate points faster. If you both live at the same address and can prove it (via driver's licence, etc.) you have the option of linking your cards so you can each sign up and each get the $10 free slot play, and as I understand it (double-check to be sure), your combined points can work towards the buffets."
2	"This place is a palace! Its SO over the top! Everything is on the most grand scale... This guy has too much money and too big an ego...\n\nDidnt really gamble. I went to the sportsbook and bet some races, but didnt hit anything worth talking about. The bar at the sportsbook DOES NOT serve comped drinks even if youre playing the video poker machines. Some places want you to play max coins all the time and then theyll comp you. Not this place... and the bartender was quick to let me know. A Bookers on ice was 12 and the tip was 3. Nice, Mr. Wynn. At least you showed my friend Karen a nice eve at your lounge. Kudos for taking care of the tourist from downunder...\n\nDid eat a small plate of lunch at the cafe near the sportsbook which was decent. Im sure, if you take the time, youll find lots of cool things here at Wynn."
2	"this was my first time at this hotel.  WOW.  by no means am I a big spender/gambler, but this place is awesome.  If ever you get a chance to stay here do it. I stayed at their \""standard\"" resort room and i was very impressed.  There was so much space in the room I just kept wandering around in there.  The bathroom was great. A tub that I could lay my big but in was truly amazing, and watching tv or listen to the music while relaxing in the tub what more could I ask for,  well to have a jacuzzi tub, but oh well.  Also coming in to the room after a day of walking around, and losing  money, it was nice to see the beds made, the lights turned down, classical music playing and a piece of chocolate waiting for me next to the bed.\n\nThe Casino seemed kind of small compared to the MGM or the New York New York, but like I said I'm not much of a gambler.  I did find my favorite game there though. \n\nI didn't get a chance to go to any of the restaurants here, but maybe next time.  \n\nI didn't get down to the pool, but my girlfriend said the pool was very nice.  The best part was that there were no kids running around screaming their heads off!!\n\nIf i ever get a chance to stay here again, I will jump at the opportunity, but alas my budget is and probably always will be NYNY and MGM."
1	"Okay... it's more like 2 1/2 stars.  Don't believe the hype.  The service wasn't that great... as our adjoining two rooms with double beds were not available.  They could only provide a King Bed and a cot.  What???  Apparently, just because you make a RESERVATION and pay for your room does not guarantee anything... it's simply a request.  I would understand if I had booked the room through a third party but we had called The Wynn directly.  Also, the fact that the clerk was snotty did not help.  Luckily, I went to another representative, as the snotty one was assisting my cousin, and she was able to give us the double beds.  Unfortunately, our rooms could not be adjoining and in fact were in such separate floors, we had to take different elevators.\n\nAs far as the rooms go, the beds were TINY.  We had four girls to a room, which I thought would've been fair, but I was WRONG.  The bathroom was nice, similar to the Venetian and Palazzo.  However, the bedroom was small, and there was no additional living area.  If any of you had stayed at the Venetian, you would know that they have a cool layout with a additional living room, sofas, TV, mirror, and desk.  The Wynn, the five star/five diamond rated hotel, is merely two tiny double beds, the TV console and a desk.  I suppose it would be adequate... had we booked a room at the Holiday Inn... but it's not luxurious by any means.\n\nTo add more insult to injury... my cousin checked in before me, but took longer to obtain a room.  I went after her and received my room with a smile, more efficiency, and was about fifteen floor higher.  Trust me, I thanked the representative for doing her job and being so kind about it.  Secondly, my cousin called to request a late check out and they said that it was unavailable.  When she calls my room to tell me this, I call the front desk to make a similar request.  Surprisingly, it was a non issue for us.  Can you imagine her frustrations?!  Here she was, celebrating her 25th birthday, and getting shafted!  It showed us that the hotel was inconsistent and definitely not worth the price tag.  We will not be coming back - not when there are so many other options on the strip.\n\nPs.  The pool area was decent and the buffet was fabulous."
2	"\""It's a f-ing chair!\""  laughed my drunken friend.\n\n\""I know but it's gross. I can't sit on it!\""  I challenged back.\n\n\""Wait, is it a F-ING chair, or is it just a f-ing chair?\"" questioned our curious male driver friend.\n\nWe roared with laughter in the back seat.\n\n\""Listen, I had to put a towel over it, THEN I could sit to draw my eyeliner on!\"" I shamelessly tried to justify.  \n\nSo Wynn was great, in fact, better than great with our panaromic golf course, mountain AND city lights view on the 54th floor.  BUT there were areas with definite lack of attention.   Like my stained vanity chair.  And the sandpaper bath towels.  What did they intend to do?  Exfoliate my body with these towels?  No wonder the spa downstairs doesn't make any money.  No, actually I'm sure they do by tripling the cost of manis and pedis :) \n\nOverall, the bed and comforters were warm & snuggly, artwork was awful, bathroom very spacious, gambling was still fun, the atmosphere was fairly clear of secondhand smoke, the staff was courteous, the hotel was well managed, the large kiddie pool was way too shallow but the roses enroute looked and smelled absolutely beautiful. \n\nAnd with perfect company, would I like to stay there again?  Definitely...but I might have to bring my own towels :P"
2	"Finally got to stay here because price was low enough :)   $119/weekdays + $199/weekends, just sign up for a free card and they'll keep sending you these great offers.\n\nTip #1 - Read frontdesktip.com to see how you can get a free hotel upgrade because I got the panoramic view upgrade :)\n\nTip #2 - Play 125 points worth on your card and get 2 free buffets + line pass.  There are slot machines that go up and down and slowly take your money, these are the best for building points.  All That Glitters is a great machine to do so.  You can't win, but you will build points\n\nWent recently and traffic was low, limits were low.  YOU MUST ORDER THEIR DRINKS!  It's the best on the strip IMO.\n\nhave fun!"
2	"I stayed a night at the Palazzo followed by a night at the Wynn, and I have to say - I was disappointed!  The Wynn is just not as nice.  Our rooms were smaller and less pretty, and there was entirely too much salmon-colored paint all around.  Still, a gorgeous hotel, and I might have gone with 5 stars had I not had the Palazzo to compare it with.  The casino is great, though don't bother looking for $5 blackjack.  (Don't judge.  $5 blackjack rules.)"
2	"I had to stop betting on football because you would have done better flipping a coin or throwing darts at a sports magazine than how I was doing with my NFL stuff.  But if you like this sort of game, the Wynn is a really nice place to do it.  It's close to the parking garage and all the seats are big and comfy leather.  There's a great deli next door.  They've got big screens.  Everything's just gorgeous and nice and the experience that you expect the best casino in the world to be.  You can walk a few hundred feet next door to Encore and see the new \""Sinatra\"" and \""Botero\"" restaurants.  Classy.\n\nBut the sports betting is a tough game - you can say I should wear a tin foil hat, and be watching JFK murder conspiracy movies.  But the Detroit Lions, first team to go 0-16 in the NFL ever, a really awful team, were playing at Green Bay today.  A pretty good team  to bet against, eh?  They're awful.  Away.  You might say, hey, I'm not a big bettor, but this is a giveaway, I'll take the Packers at -10.5.  You would have lost by half a point.  Here's the point spreads:\n\nhttp://www.covers.com/sports/nfl/nfl_lines.aspx\n\nSure, the record bad lowly Lions lost the game, but a bet on them would have won, they covered the point spread by the slimmest of margins.  It's fixed my friend.  Go play roulette."
2	"da bomb"
2	"I used to be a \""Vegas on the Cheap\"" kind of guy. I decided to splurge on the Wynn. I went with my wife, who is a \""do it big\"" person. I was totally overwhelmed by the quality, service, substance, and luxury. I am embarrassed  to say I have stayed at other hotels in Vegas. Do yourself a favor and stay 2 nights. You will thank yourself for the upgrade. The only Drawback is that there isn't a Wynn in the city I live in. Oh table minimum bets are a little high."
1	"The good...\nNice rooms.  \n\nThe bad...\n$30 charge for using the gym.\n$10 charge for entering the Ferrari dealership.\nStaff/Service hit or miss, some were not very friendly.\nHeated pool not heated.\nBuffet sucks."
2	"the best hotel and casino in vegas!!!!\nhigh quality stuff and and best service!!"
2	"The Wynn is simply the best hotel in Las Vegas. As a semi frequent traveller to LV, I've stayed at about half the hotels on the strip and the Wynn is by far the best (with Paris a distant second). I booked rooms at the Wynn for myself and my mother for her 60th birthday and it was one of the best ever. \nWhile the theme of some Vegas hotels is repoducing another city or theme, the Wynn's theme is quality and luxury. The view is the best in town and the rooms are laid out in a most attractive manner. For some reason I was very impressed with the bathroom which had a shower and a tub as well as a TV. The beds were the most comfortable I had slept in at a hotel and the automatic curtains made waking up an experience. \nThe casino is elegant and the deli is unbelieavable. The fact that it is at the end of the Strip is really the only drawback. It's a solid 15 minute walk to get to the Bellagio which can get to be kind of a drag if you want to go someplace specific. \nAll in all this is the only hotel I will stay at for all my future Vegas trips."
1	"I am now officially one of the \""300.\"" How does this relate to the Wynn, you ask? Well, let me tell you a little story.\n\nSo, for Valentines Day this year, the favorite Yelper and I thought it would be nice to take a little weekend excursion to good old Sin City. Airfare is dirt cheap these days, and we also noticed some pretty sweet deals on Hotwire for hotels. One of the offerings was a Five Star resort right on the Strip, and we knew we couldn't pass it up.\n\nWe were ecstatic that the confirmation sheet declared Wynn Las Vegas as our destination! The favorite Yelper was already making plans for our wonderful weekend, and we were counting the days until our vacation.\n\nSo, about two weeks pass, when I receive an e-mail from Hotwire. \""We are sorry, the Wynn has been overbooked this weekend, and you have been reassigned to the Trump International.\"" Uhh... what? Overbooked? And it took two weeks to figure this out? After we had already made additional plans in and around the Wynn area?\n\nTo say the least, we were not happy Yelpers. I'm sure the Trump is a fine resort and all, but it is not what we were promised, and in addition, it has no casino, and is a bit farther away from the Strip. I made a quick call to Hotwire, and much to their credit, they were willing to compensate one full night if we decided to stay, or even give us a full refund, something they NEVER do. Something must have been up.\n\nSpeculation was abound. I even located internet forum threads documenting similar cases. As much as Wynn would like to deny it, this is certainly NOT an isolated incident. Was it that we poor Hotwire chumps were merely placeholders until some classier folks willing to pay full price stepped in to take our spot? Who is really to blame for the snafu? Wynn or Hotwire?\n\nAnd today, I noticed this in the news:\n\""Wynn 'walks' 300 paid Hotwire customers\""\nhttp://blogs.usatoday.com/hotelhotsheet/2009/02/wynn-walks-300.html\n\nSo, apparently, this whole thing involves that Wells Fargo fiasco, which is causing headlines amidst the current economic crisis. If it was them who bumped us in the first place, and now that the whole deal has been called off, I wonder what will happen to those rooms now? Put back on Hotwire?\n\nIn the whole scheme of things, I'm glad we found this out about Mr. Wynn and his shady business practices. Now I know never to patronize his casinos ever again (and encourage others not to as well). Even if the management did offer us our original rooms back, all they will get is a nice view of my backside.\n\nSo, I guess us 300 will march on over to the Hot Gates of the Trump International, battered, but certainly not beaten from our battle with the evil tyrant. All I have left to say is...\n\n\""Mr.Wynn... YOU'RE FIRED!!!\"""
2	"We stayed at the VIP Suites over New Years. And boyyy was it AWESOME! We had free drinks, free deserts, and a good time! The beds were very comfortable and had an excellent view of the city. WooHoo! Wynn is as good as it gets!!!! 5 stars!!! YES!"
1	"Gotta say that I don't understand what all the hype is about this place. We had a spacious room on the 58th floor, overlooking the pool and rooftop venting system. The room was spacious, but that was because the beds were **Gasp** DOUBLE beds? I am used to comfort and when I'm on vacation, my idea of a good night's sleep does not involve a dinky little double bed. At least put in a Queen bed! I will stick with my Vegas staple, Venetian from now on. Wynn is overpriced and overrated."
1	"I thought this is too conservative and expensive. Recommended for rich people."
2	"The Wynn was the BEST  hotel I've ever stayed at! I stayed there for two nights during it's opening year. Okay, okay, I didn't pay for the room....because my friend received a complimentary room.\n\nEverything in the hotel was great! The room, service, decor, and buffet were all fantastic!\n\n(Overall grade: A)"
2	"This is definitely an upscale hotel to stay at.  To go up to the room, it is guarded by hotel security.  They want to make sure that a guest of the hotel is going up, which I thought was pretty cool.\n\nI love the casino.  This is the place where I usually play at.  Although I haven't won anything big, but this is a nice casino to play in. \n\nThe room I stayed in was spacious.  I love their sheets, they are so comfy and soft.  Love their contemporary decor of the room, very chic."
2	"The  Wynn is a very upscale hotel.  I like that the casino and public areas are more quiet and relaxed than other hotels on the strip. This is probably due to the Wynn not allowing strollers inside the hotel and due to the fact that they don't offer touristy attractions like other hotels on the strip.  Also, the casino floor is less smoky and crowded.  \n\nIf you want an upscale hotel, but yet want to be where the action and noise is, then you're better off at the Palazzo or Venetian.  When we walked from the Wynn and through the Palazzo to get to the Venetian for dinner at Tao, it was obvious the atmosphere changed from relaxed at the Wynn to the usual Vegas hotel noise at the other two.  \n\nCHECK-IN:\nUpon check-in, you might want to wedge a $20 between your credit card and I.D. and politely ask if there are any complimentary upgrades.   I arrived at the hotel around 1pm and since I booked two rooms, I offered a $50 instead of a $20.  The front-desk clerk saw the $50, smiled, said \""thank you\"" and \""let me see what I can do for you\"".  I'm sure he's encountered the \""complimentary upgrade tip\"" before.  \n\n\nSince I booked our resort rooms on Hotwire.com and got a rate of $135/night, I was more concerned about our request for double bed rooms being honored more than getting complimentary upgrades.  Hotwire only guarantees double occupancy...meaning, you could get stuck with one bed.  \n\nAnyhow, the clerk gave me two options:\n1)  Two connecting rooms on the 19th floor, each with double beds and views of their massive golf-course.  Or,\n\n2) Two rooms on the 51st floor, three doors away from each other, each with double beds and views of the strip.  \n\nFor both options, only one room was ready; the other would be ready by 3pm.  Since we preferred to have connecting rooms, we opted for choice # 1.  The clerk took down my cell # so that someone could call me when the second room was ready (which they did later on).\n\nROOMS:\nThe Wynn website reflected a rate of $289/night for their resort rooms and although I was going to book at that rate, I ended up booking through Hotwire.com for $135/night per a friend's recommendation.  Had I paid full price for the resort rooms ($289/night), I would have been disappointed since for that price, the quality of the room and furnishings are not on par with rooms at the Venetian.  However, since I got the rooms for $135/night, I was satisfied.  \n\nI found the rooms to be spacious, with floor to ceiling windows, remote-controlled shades, and big bathrooms.  The d\u00e9cor was sort of blah, considering this is a five-star hotel.  I still prefer the rooms at the Venetian, which are furnished more beautifully and appears more elegant and spacious (probably due to their sunken living rooms).  For those wondering, the Wynn rooms with double beds can sleep up to four comfortably.  \n\nWynn provides some nice toiletries in the bathroom (i.e., citrus/lemongrass smelling lotions, shampoos, and conditioners).  There rooms had an iron, ironing board, safe, refrigerator, and a mini-bar.  As mentioned in other reviews, the mini-bar uses touch-sensor, so if you lift an item out of the basket for more than 30 seconds, consider it yours, no matter that you put it back later.    \n\nThe TVs located in the main room and bathroom had various music channels to choose from.  It was nice to listen to loud dance/hip hop music to get us in the mood while getting ready for clubbing.  \n\nELEVATOR SECURITY:\nAlthough security located near the elevator areas is supposed to check and make sure you have a Red Card (to show you're a hotel guest), not once during our stay were we asked to present our cards.  However, I did notice the guy asking some other people for their cards while we were just waved on through.  Wonder if it had anything to do with how one looks/dresses?  \n\nWYNN STAFF:\nWith the exception of one of the front-desk clerks, all staff we encountered was courteous and professional.  The dour front-desk clerk was a British guy in his thirties.  I had to make a second trip to the front-desk to get our room keys for the second room and unfortunately the clerk I checked-in with earlier was no longer there.  The British dude must have expected a tip when I requested our room cards, but I told him we had already checked in earlier.  \n\nOVERALL, we enjoyed our stay at the Wynn and would stay here again on future visits.  Basically, the Wynn has everything you would need (nice rooms, great dining, show, shopping, Tryst nightclub) without stepping foot outside the hotel.  However, all things considered, the Venetian is still my favorite hotel in Vegas."
2	"Love love love you Wynnie.  Love your beautiful rooms that make it feel like spring time in the dead of winter. Thank you.\n\nLove your buffet.. thank you for perfect portions. I can pile on the options and still look like a dainty lady... not a sweating pig. \n\nLove your security staff, who kindly came up to my room because I couldn't figure out the safe and locked my precious items inside. \n\nLove your pool.. although, I did feel like Mr. Wynn was staring down from the roof laughing at all us peons frolicking in his backyard. \n\nLove you Wynnie!"
1	"I wouldn't consider this hotel a 5-star hotel.  The room is an average sized, and does not come with bath robes.  It's a 4.5 star at best, but certainly not a 5 star hotel by my standards."
1	"From the outside Wynn and Encore look beautiful. People are pleasant when you check in and then you are screwed. Our first room was beautiful with 2 panoramic windows with a clogged sink which was not looked at for over 5 hours. I would recommend asking for this room, it on the high floors facing and closest to TRUMP\n\nFront Desk and Housekeeping wanted to conduct an interview to determine if they should move us or keep us in the same room. \n\n After much complaining we are finally moved to another room which lacks hot water for shower which in turn is fixed after over an hour by housekeeping.. i mean for fooks sake, even a damn motel has running hot water..\n\nComplain to hotel manager about cold water and he wants to run an investigation to determine our claim, this mind you that we informed him that the plumber did measure the temperature of water to confirm that it was cold. Only thing he can do is give us a $40.00 comp"
1	"Wynn is very big and beautiful.  Go there and look at everything, but don't gamble there.  They are vicious.  Go play blackjack or craps at any other place, but not at Wynn."
1	"DO NOT STAY HERE!\n\nF*ck this place!!!\n\nSo after signing up for a players card a while back they sent me a free stay in the mail- any weekday up to 3 nights. So i decided to take them up on thier offer and see if it was really worth the $400 night room rate during spring break with 3 girlfriends\nWhat a HUGE dissapointment!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n\nSo first off i call 2 weeks in advance and book my room through thier hotel reservations dept. When i asked if i would need anything upon check in the lady on the phone tells me- only an i.d. miss. okay awsome. I requested a smoking room and told her we would be checking in very late- and she confirmed this back to me over the phone.\n\nSo we get there about 1am monday night/tues morning and are asked for a deposit. No problem - i used to work as a hotel manager for 2 years and i know this is standard policy- BUT they want $150 a night on a card [ that will be heald/ frozen in your account until after check out ] $300 a night in cash for our 3 night stay- EXCUSE ME??! WTF?? WHY DIDNT YOU TELL ME THIS OVER THE PHONE?!?!?!\n\ni dont like to bring my high limit c.c's with me on vacay cuz if it gets stolen i'd rather someone spend $200 bux then $2000. I explain to the guy at the front desk the situation and tell him i don't have enough on my card for all three nights. Lemme get my mngr he tells me...10min later Mngr comes out.\n\n\""no one in your group has enough on a card?\"" he rudly asked me- no we don't so now what? i reply. OH WELL he tells me- oh well? i drove her from LA and you tell me oh well?!?! i thought the whole point of free stays was to convince you to come back and pay for rooms.......hmmmmmmm.....so after I come up with a plan-me not the front desk or the mngr ME MYSELF come up with a plan- i will put tonights on my card and then have my bf fax over a copy of my other credit card (that i left at home) that they can use for the other 2 nights-okay so now finally the agree to let us stay. I ask them is there anythign you need besides a copy of the frotn and back of the credit card? No they reply- that will suffice perfectly.OKAY FINE. no biggie.then he checks our reservation and says for our trouble they will upgrade us to a tower suite. HELL YEA- now were excited!\n\nSo we get up to our room on the 52nd floor and are taken aback by the absolutly BEAUTIFUL VIEW. One whole wall was a HUGE window- we were overklooking the golf course and had a great view of the whole city and the mountains and overlooked the pools. We have some drinks, and head out on the town for a bit. We get back around 5am.\n\nTHE VERY NEXT MORNING- i wake up early on purpose to chk if my credit card has been faxed yet [ my boyfriend was going to be working in court all day so it was now or never to fax the copies] i explained this to the front desk. When i call down they say theyve recieved it but only recieved a copy of the card. DUH i think - thats what ya'll wanted. THEN they tell me i need to have him fill out and fax back an authorization form. WHAT!?!?! I AM THE ONE STAYING HERE_ THE CARD HE FAXED OVER HAS MY F**KING NAME ON IT!!!!- do you not have  my name on file? i can come down and sign for it anytime it's my card not his whose authorization do you need?!?! lemme chk with my mngr they say.\n\nmngr gets on the phone- sorry miss we have all we need you are the holder of the credit card correct? yes i tell her it is my card. okay come down AT YOUR convienence all you need to do is sign- she also said she would fax it to the \""tower suites\"" front desk so i wouldnt have to walk thru the casino. Awsome thank you.\n\nwe get ready for the pool and head down stairs- i get to tower suites front desk. Hi im in room 52__ im here to sign. \""all weve recieved was a copy of your credit card\"" yea i know thats all you guys need......no we need an authorization form. ARE YOU STUPID??!? its MY CARD i am HERE to AUTHORIZE it. Uggggggggghhhhhhhhh.\n\nlemme chk with my mnger. -OMG!!!!!\nmngr comes out- we can accept just the copy for you but the copy we recieved is black and illegable. we need your bf to re-fax.\nEXCUSE ME?!?!??I CALLED DOWN EARLIER TO MAKE SURE you people got excatly what you needed because i knew he would be unavailable the rest of the freaking day!!!!!! and now your telling me you cant accept it?!?! are you people kidding me??!? now what?? i ask.\n\nwell im sorry we need an authorization theres nothing we can do.........NOTHING YOU CAN DO?!?!What freaking morons. I would think for such an expensive hotel they would be more professional and have a btter educated staff. SOOO ridiculous- same reply- nothing we can do.\n\ni tell them to call the front desk and have THEM refax it considering i SPOKE WITH THEM THIS MORNING nd they said everything WAS FINE maybe its just the tower suite printer. They refax- still blk. Then they email it. Still illegible. \nt this point im pissed off. I did EVRYTHIGN RIGHT.We spent a good hour arguing with them - needs to be continued........."
2	"Everyone knows this is a nice hotel, its 5 stars all the way. So I'll try to review some lesser known things....\n\nSome have already said that the walls are really thin. They ARE. We could hear our lovely neighbors getting in on at 2am...5am...7am...ya it wasn't very pleasant. We got to know them real well during our 3 day stay, (you could hear EVERYTHING)  so we're actually on a first name basis now. (Hi Jimmy!) So bring earplugs if you are a light sleeper. *Thank god I did*  Club music is also pretty loud...we were on the 56th floor facing the strip and could still hear the bumpin! So ask for a room facing the golf course if you want it to be quiet. I'm sure they would be happy to oblige..We found the service to be exceptional at our stay. (Dunno what Hott Pink is talking about)\n\nAlso, we tried the $20 trick...which is when you sandwich a $20 between your driver's license and credit card and ask for a complimentary upgrade. It worked! The lady hooked us up with a panoramic view room on the highest non smoking floor...and we had paid for a resort room through Hotwire (for only $120 a night!) Shows that they don't discriminate. \n\nI guess one thing to be grateful about the down economy is that it has made the Wynn much more affordable...thank you Wynn for an amazing time!!!"
1	"so continuing on from previous post.....\n\nAnyways after arguing with them i have a friend fax over a copy of a non- see through card and FILL OUT a freaking AUTHORIZATION form since it was her name not mine. So whatever a hassle but its over...now onto enjoying the WYNN.......\n\n\nwe put our\"" maid service please\"" sign up in the morning and when we return at 9pm......still messy. we call down and they apologize- we tell them to just forget it and bring towels. \n\nthe next day we go to get our car from valet (which has been sitting there for 2 nights now) get in drive out of the driveway onto the street- when it feels like ive all of a sudden lost control. I pull over at a gas station as soon as there is one available and notice a HUGE SCREW in my tire. WTF?!??!?! after allllll this and now a screw in my tire???\n\ni call the hotel immediatly to let them know what happened. They want me to drive back and make a claim - they want ME to PAY for it and then they would \""possibly\"" reimburse me after they investigated. No freaking way! \n\nif i had done that to my tire it would have been totally or at least partially flat 2 1/2 days later. I asked for a manager.....\n\n\nhe told me the same story. I explained to him this whooooole situation over the whole course of our stay and he tells me well you can get it fixed and we will figure it all out when you get here. UM excuse me??!? how unprofessional is that?!?!?\n\nwe happen to be at a gas station thats also a shop so they fix it no pob for $20. I go back storm up to the front desk ask for the person i spoke with on the phone and hand them my reciept.\n\nokay miss we will give you $20 credit as a courtesy to your room. NO! i tell them you will effing not you will give me $20 cash right now \n\n\n3 managers later i tell them look- im not tying to swindle you there is the reciept its $20 not $1000 wtf is the problem? they finally just give me the $20 to shut me up.\n\nwe had put the \""do not service\"" sign up this time and when we get to our room........its clean. \n\n\n and let me just mention that when they went for another mngr i took a peek at the screen \n\n\nthat \""upgrade\"" we got for our troubles- yea it clearly stated upgrade due to overbooking.\n\nniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiice. oh and did i mention that after booking a smoking room over the phone and confirming it at check in our \""upgrade\"" was a non-smoking floor.\n\n\noh and btw everytime i was up there complaining - so was someone else. It seems like i am not the only person in the world who has had so many problems with this place!\n\n\nIDIOTS!\n\n\ni would except the best staff at a place this highly reccomended and this expensive but no. \n\n\ni told them straight out i felt like they were not helping me at all because \n1- it was a comped stay\nand\n2- because i am 23 and not some 50yr old buisness man\n\n\n\ni will NEVER EVER recommend this place to anyone anytime."
2	"A wonderful buffet!!!"
2	"I've stayed at majority of the top hotels in Vegas and Wynn continues to be my favorite hotel of all. No matter how many times I stay here, I never get sick of it! \n\nNot much to say that hasn't been said in the other 400 reviews: Great rooms - Can't find more comfort anywhere else in Vegas & includes the most wonderful assortment of pillows. They were so great I bought 2 home with me 4 years ago when it first opened.  Gorgeous hotel, great service, awesome pool, best buffet... great everything. I've stayed in their suites as well but never feel like I'm missing out in a regular room. They're just as nice, especially since the bathroom is huge as it is. The only thing I can think of that isn't so great about Wynn are the $3 chips in the poker room, which is irrelevant to most Yelpers because it neither matters nor makes any sense if you don't play poker. \n\nIf you want to spend a little more and spoil yourself, stay at Wynn. If not, try Bally's. It may not look so appealing from the outside but they renovated not that long ago and their rooms are great and much more economical. I prefer their rooms over alot of other places, esp if price is a concern to you. Plus - you can't beat the location. It's in the middle of all the action. :)"
2	"Haven't stay here yet, but was blown away by the detail and luxury. Delicious breakfast at the cafe overlooking the pool. Played in the poker room at the $1/3 table. Almost tripled up on my 3rd hand and it was my 1st time playing at a casino."
2	"I'm going to make this short and sweet!  I've stayed at some nice hotels before and Wynn is right up there with the rest!  The rooms are really nice and spacious!  The beds are awesome!  Very comfortable!  Big bathrooms!  Some words of advice though.\n\n1) DO NOT TOUCH ANYTHING in the mini-bar or snack bar inside the room unless you want to be mistakingly charged for those items you touch.  They have these sensors built into the fridge mini bar and also the snack bar where if you lift any item for longer than 1 minute they will automatically charge you!  When I say do not TOUCH, I mean do not TOUCH!  Those sensors work!  We had to call the front desk to tell them that we did not use any of the items in the bar.\n\n2) If you find a used condom in your room like my friends did in their room, be sure to get your room comped for at least one night!  Yes, I said a USED CONDOM!!  YUCK!  BARF!  \n\nThey have a nice pool area too but kind of a challenge finding a spot to sit and relax because it can get very busy and packed there on a nice hot day.  I would definitely stay there again!"
1	"I used to travel for business a ton and Wynn falls at the bottom of the pack when it comes to 4 and 5 star hotels.  The Wynn seems to think by name alone they can garner business and there is no need for excellent service to match their star rating.  \n\nTerribly rude front desk service, not willing at all to apologize for a room reservation that was cancelled by no fault of our own.  If you book the Wynn through a 3rd party such as Expedia (who doesn't these days) then get ready to be treated like 2nd class steerage if there are any issues whatsoever.  \n\nThe rooms aren't so great either.  They may be slightly larger, but the amenities and the furniture are far from 5-star.  I stayed at the Palazzo the week prior for business and highly recommend it and the Bellagio over the Wynn.  I will not stay here again."
1	"This place is so overrated. The service is awful -- they were so rude to my girlfriend that she was crying by the time my flight landed. The decor, food, etc. are nothing special either. Our room was large. That's the only good thing I can saw about the place. I'd never stay here again."
2	"The Wynn is a nice property, a little too far down The Strip to be considered a prime location.  Having said that, it will change in time.  If Echelon Place (a Boyd Gaming project) and some of the other projects that were once slated for development come to fruition, Wynn will become prime.  There is still activity down there, but it's slow at this time.  I don't know when Fountainbleu is due to open, but that will certainly help.  Wynn is between the Palazzo/Venetian and The Encore, which is Wynn's newest property.\n\nI only give 4 stars because as much as I like Steve Wynn and what he has done for Las Vegas, I don't really try stay here that often.  There is nothing really \""wrong\"" with the property, I just prefer his older masterpiece down the street.  In any other city, this is a 5-star place.  In Vegas, there are so many options it is hard to stay loyal for long.  However, if you are a whale of a gambler, get ready because Steve knows how to treat his high-end clientele.\n\nAs far as the property is concerned, there is a lot to see and do.  Le Reve is a fantastic show that I have seen twice.  I have not seen the other shows and don't even know what they currently are showing.  I know Spamalot was there, but moved on.\n\nShopping at The Wynn is nice.  Think high-end boutiques as there really isn't anything else.  I always enjoy a walk through the Ferrari dealership.  There is an admission fee, but it is waived if you own a Ferrari.  Who says there aren't great deals in Vegas?\n\nIf you need \""regular shopping\"" the Fashion Show Mall is directly across the street, which is very convenient.  They have everything.  Nordstrom's, Neiman Marcus, Saks Fifth Avenue, and several hundred other stores, topped off with a food court.\n\nWynn has ambiance.  Encore, next door, has even more ambiance.  They are both fantastic places to gamble, hang out and people watch, or dine.  You don't have to stay at The Wynn to enjoy the best of what it has to offer which is probably why I don't stay here often.\n\nThe first time I stayed here was opening night.  It was a nice stay, but they weren't ready.  The television remote wasn't in the room yet, things weren't properly programmed on the phone, etc.  That was all fixed within a few weeks when I returned.\n\nThe basic rooms are a decent size, and have all of the high-end features you would expect from a new property that cost billions (literally) to create.  Flat-screen televisions, luxurious bed linens, a nice lounge area, and a lovely bathroom with water closet.  Very nice, but not the best buy on The Strip.  I recall these rooms starting at $359, but who knows what they are getting in June '09.\n\nThe Tower Suites are much nicer, but they are pricey for what you get.  If you are a good rate shopper in this price range, you are likely going to steer towards another property (Skylofts, Four Seasons, etc.).  The few times I stayed in a suite at The Wynn, it was in a Salon Suite.\n\nThe rooms feature a very cool design with a wonderful entertaining space complete with a full bar.  The bedrooms are full-blown luxury and the bathroom is larger than the bedroom.  The only thing I thought was weird were the benches in the rain shower.  It forced me to think about how well it had been cleaned since the last seating, which shouldn't matter since I don't sit in the shower.  Anyway, think luxury, not bench.  The Salon Suite is also quite large (just under 2000 sq ft), but the space could be used for so much more, in my opinion.  One of the suites did have a cool massage room in it.  The other did not.  All of the lights and curtains are electronically controlled througout these spaces.\n\nThe restaurants and great and the room service is great.  They did not cut corners here when I was staying with them and I doubt they do today, at least in the food department.  Everything was served to perfection, even in the room.  That is not easy to do.\n\nI can also tell you that they have several clubs with quite a scene on certain nights.  I have never wanted to go to XS, which is more the bottle service type of place, but if I was in the Vegas club mood and looking to blow some money on booze, I would check it out.  Tryst, on the other hand, held my attention for a bit and is worth going back to.  That bar/club is located just in front of the waterfall.  A must for one drink.\n\nOverall, my advice is to spend time here, gamble here, eat here, and see a show or two here.  If you stay here, have a reason.  If the reason is you want to dine and see shows on property, by all means stay here.  If you are on a budget or want to get the most over-the-top suite for a decent price, look around and just visit.  There are always numerous hotel options in Vegas.  Regardless, visit the property as it is truly worth it."
1	"My sister and I stayed at the Wynn for two nights.  Check-in was terrible.  It took at least 45 minutes to get checked-in. The man at the reception was not helpful at all. My sister complained to the man, who was supposed to be directing people to the available check-in staff.  My sister commented on how good Bellagio's check-in process was.  The man's response was, \""we are much busier than the Bellagio\"" which was really confusing to me because the Wynn is definitely dead compared to the Bellagio.\n\nThe TV in our room was faulty - remote control did not work properly, the TV would turn on and off by itself.  My sister called it in to get it fixed. After 20 mins of waiting, no one came, so I decided to pull the cable from the TV to turn it off.   \n\nWhen we returned to our room after a day of shopping, we found two cleaning rags on the chair, which were probably left by the chambermaids. \n\nAt check-out, my sister was being charged $8 from the mini bar which we did not use at all.  I mistakenly moved one of the little tin containers, but after I realized that they had sensors at the bottom, I immediately returned it to its place.  Maximum of 15 seconds.  According to the note on the minibar, you will be charged if you remove the item more than 60 seconds. \n\nI've been to Las Vegas before and the Wynn is the most horrible hotel I've ever stayed at."
2	"I want to live here.  Our room was fantastic for starters.  Their buffet is amazing!  Drinks while gambling are great and keep coming :) I got my hair and makeup done at the salon and was beyond impressed.  I somehow never made it to the pool??  Couldn't be happier...can't wait to come back."
2	"You really can't stay at any other better place than this when you go to Vegas. I got a SICK price through Priceline.com for the Wynn--$150/night (including tax)!!! And this is during 4th of July weekend too! \n\nImmediately when you come in, you feel 5 star treatment. Everything here has so much attention and detail. The custodians walking around picking up trash are pushing expresso wood carts. Housekeeping uses specialized carts to block people from seeing (or stealing stuff from) your room. The outdoor grill makes a simple burger look gourmet.\n\nThe staff is extremely professional and helpful. This hotel is just the right size too so you don't feel like you're walking through a circus (i.e. Bellagio). The people that stay here are high class and well behaved (leave the trashy people somewhere else, please!).\n\nThe rooms are posh and elegant. There's a comfortable bed with high quality linens. We had a corner room with 2 wall-to-wall, floor-to-ceiling windows. The bathroom has a huge soaking tub and a large shower. It really just does not get better than this."
2	"I am 20... Not quite 21 yet so even though I am lacking in experience in the sense of gambling or anything to do with an age limit of 21(Which is a lot of things!), I am experienced in eating! And eating good and plentiful is my forte! :) I have been to Vegas over 15 times and my parents and I always try out ALL of the buffets in all of the Las Vegas Casinos to try it out... My favorite is Wynn. The international food selection taste and quality is amazing! The best I have ever been able to ever see with my limited cash flow! Hopefully one day I would be able to try all the expensive dining places that many get to try in Vegas."
2	"First Class service and food. This was our second time staying at the Wynn and we love it. Went over to Encore and had spa treatment. I got a \""4 handed\"" massage and it was incredible. Next time might stay over at Encore because its new. Great job Steve!"
2	"We stayed at the Wynn Tower Suites recently and was very impressed with the room and the service.  We were upgraded to a nice room on the 59th floor and really appreciated the great view.  We ate breakfast at Tableau which is conveniently located right off the elevator and has outside patio dining and you can dine poolside as well.  Tableau really knows how to make simple dishes as eggs, english muffin and ketchup really special.  I had the lobster salad and crunchy egg for brunch and it was YUMMY and my bf had the Tableau breakfast which he fully enjoyed.\n\nAs much as we enjoyed hotel and casino at the Wynn, we did not like the pool side action.  The service was SLOW to say the least and there were not enough cocktail waitresses around and the area around the pool wasn't taken care of: ie, we found dirty band aids around the lounge chair right on the edge of the pool and there were  people not staying at the hotel fully enjoying themselves.  I don't know what the policy is at the Wynn about letting non-guests into the pool area, but the weekend we stayed there, there were less than desirables all around the Wynn pool and we are not the \""nose up in the air \"" people, but really for the money that we paid it wasn't impeccable due to the pool side service."
2	"A really classy hotel with higher-end restaurants/rooms/service/etc.. but basically they try to gouge the shit out of your for everything.\n\nThe standard rooms are just slightly better than a standard vegas room at another 4* hotel on the strip and are pretty much the same size so if you're trying to fit masses of people in here then you're better off paying for a suite at a lesser hotel.\n\nEither way its really nice and if you have cash to blow then you'll find tons of places to do it here."
2	"The Wynn is a huge upgrade considering this high roller stays at places like, Imperial Palace, Westward Ho, Circus Circus, pay by the hour motels... \n\nOur room had two full size beds that seemed to be very clean, free of bed bugs. The bed was nice and comfy. The restroom had a bathtub and shower. Had a tv in the restroom too which was a plus. \n\nThe casino was nice and clean. Most of the tables were 25 dollar minimum. Im used to the 3 dollar craps at the slots of fun next to circus circus. \n\nThe pool was huge, but a little too shallow for my liking. Wouldve enjoyed it more if it werent for some 4 dudes getting all lovey dovey in front of us. \n\nOverall, enjoyed my stay there. Great times!  You win at the Wynn. :)"
1	"Beautiful casino too bad it took an eternity to get a drink."
1	"The customer service is horrible. Called them 5 times with 30 min waiting time each. The manager will HANG UP ON YOUR FACE!!!!!! All I need is just to send me the confirmation email. Poor service. Not recommended."
2	"I have mixed feelings about this hotel.  \n\nOn one hand it has some of the best rooms in Vegas on the other, the customer service is very hit and miss.  \n\nThe hotel is very clean and elegant. Steve spared no expense when he put his name on this venture.  \n\nWe ordered room service the day after my husband decided to go a little nuts because he was feeling a little groggy and eggs and pancakes and coffee and diet coke was $75!  OUCH.\n\nThe European pool was beautiful, but the \""bubbies\"" that showed themselves ranged from good plastic surgeons to something out of national geographic.  At around 2pm when people have gotten all nice and drunk you see some pretty interesting things happening at the pool.  I saw everything from guys making out with other guys to girls making out with other girls to swapping.  \n\nThere are pool cabana's that you can rent and the pool beds start at about $500 for the day.  But, you can negotiate the price...\n\nEJ was our \""pool boy\"" and the word \""no\"" never left his lips.  I love that.  \n\nThe front desk wasn't the most helpful and they seemed annoyed if you have a question.  We had some pretty rowdy neighbors (the walls are very thin) and everynight after the clubs would close, they would bring their party back to their room.  I could hear all about who the boys made out with, who rejected them, blah blah blah.  They must not have done that well because up until last night, I never heard girls in their room!  We called security after the third night of being woken up at 3am until they finally fell asleep at around 6.  And they seemed upset that we called security to ask them to send someone up.  It was the statement of \""what do you want us to do about it\"" that kinda sent me over the edge.  Look, don't mess with my sleep!\n\nThe concierge was awesome.  She made reservations at Le Reve for us--which if you get a chance go see it, it's spectacular--and made all our dinner reservations with a smile on her face.  Loved it.  \n\nI think if they could get their staff all trained to be helpful and to really make the guest feel wanted, this would be a five star experience instead of hit and miss."
1	"I would give 0 stars if possible. We stayed there this past weekend and to be honest, it was a very classy and pretty hotel. I booked 2 of the panoramic suites on the top floors with an amazing view. On Friday we had an awesome time clubbing in a different hotel. Saturday we clubbed at XS and had to wait in a horrendous line for 2 1/2 hours. Once clubbing was over, we gambled a bit then went upstairs to sleep. We awoke to find all of our money missing and my girlfriends expensive purse missing and her stuff scattered all over the bathroom. We notified security and they had us fill out a few forms and told us to follow up with a contact card we had been given. I have made SEVERAL attempts to follow up with this case with my calls being forwarded to a number of voice mails with no reply whatsoever. I had by far the WORST experience i've ever had in Vegas at this hotel, by far the WORST security, and by far the WORST customer service i have ever experienced. You'd think if a person were to be robbed in their hotel after gambling thousands of dollars on their tables and spending obscene amounts of money in their clubs and bars they'd show some type of remorse for our loss but they did not even comp us a single buffet. The only thing they actually gave us was a 30 minute extension on our check out for having to fill out our forms. WTF is that?!?!? All together upwards of $4000.00 in CASH and my girlfriends $1000.00 purse were stolen from us and i have yet to hear back from my multiple calls and inquiries. DO NOT GO TO THIS HOTEL IF YOU WANT TO BE SAFE. Imagine a stranger gaining entry into your room while you're sound asleep, going through all your stuff, stealing everything you hold dear to you, and not receiving any type of comfort from the supposed 5 star hotel that claims to be the best in Vegas. In my eyes they are by far the worst and i will never spend a single cent in their casino again, much less step foot into it. Again, if you want to be robbed and given the run around by the people that are suppose to be helping you out go to the shitty ass Wynn. If you want to be safe and secure, go elsewhere."
1	"So my friend ended up getting a few free nights at the Wynn.  We're typically Venetian patrons, but its free so we figured what the hell, let's do it up.  We arrive and as we're checking in (2 guys, 2 girls), we pull off the the trusty old room upgrade gambit with a $40 tip.  The front desk guy gave us a wink and told us he'd take care of us with a romance package.  So we head up to our room feeling pretty good about it, and walk in to find a regular room puzzled by what he meant.  There was nothing out of the slight ordinary to suggest any romantic additions at all.  Not a single thing, not even robes.  Hell, even the Venetian leaves chocolates on your bed and a dim overhead light illuminating the bed with their regular turn down service -- none of that here.  Yes, Venetian has more romance offered on any given day than what I could make of this.\n\nThe room has 2 full sized beds.  Nope, not queen -- full beds.  Even Holiday Inn has queens.  Come on, Wynn, are you even trying?  It's okay, we'll request a roll-away and make due.  But I guess for the basic room we were in, they don't offer roll-aways because it violates fire code?  Room service was impressively bad except for the fries, which is pretty hard to screw up.  My friend couldn't finish a basic BLT sandwich even with her drunken appetite.\n\nThe girls that were with us thought we were just being super anal about everything because we couldn't stop making comparisons to the Venetian.  However, we ended up spending our last night in the Venetian and the Venetian converted them to fans with their rooms, food, and service within a couple of hours.  Then even they started echoing most of our Wynn criticisms.  Even though the rooms were free, it would have been more worth it to pay to stay at the Venetian.\n\nThey do have quite an awesome ice machine though, like seriously legit."
2	"The Wynn is a classy joint. Go there with someone to impress them. The ambiance is great, the rooms have giant floor-to-ceiling windows, the staff is friendly and the restaurants are phenomenal - at least the fine ones are. \n\nFirst off, the staff is VERY friendly. Especially the guy who brought my girlfriend and I breakfast every morning. He asked how my stay was while he set the little table in the room. This guy had experience. From his movements to his small talk, he knew \""service.\"" \n\nSecond, the fine dining is great. Alex is a terrific CLASSY and EXPENSIVE restaurant. Yet, the Wynn has one all-night diner but its menu becomes severely limited late at night. It sucked. So, their fine dining is great, but their drunk munchies blow. \n\nThird, the cocktail waitresses are hot! 'Nuff said. If you're playin' slots, they'll come by and serve it up. They came by a few times, but not a TON.\n\nFourth, we saw La Reve - a phenomenal show - at the Wynn. I highly recommend it. \n\nFifth, it's Vegas baby! This was my first stay ever in Vegas so I don't have much to compare. My [college] friends have said that, if you're goin' with a group of dudes, get a cheap place and stay up all night. Don't waste your money on expensive tables and hotel amenities, spend it on booze and cheap tables. Thus, that's why I said this place is to impress someone and may not be the best for the dudes lookin' to party it up."
1	"Really....?  You dont allow strollers in the hotel? Oh my mistake, YOU DONT ALLOW PEOPLE WHO ARENT STAYING AT YOUR HOTEL TO USE STROLLERS IN YOUR HOTEL!  HOW LAME CAN YOU BE? I come in to eat at your buffet with my family and friends and you have this stupid rule?  The only hotel in Vegas that does this... Im disappointed..."
2	"LOVE this hotel.  It's so new, grand, and just fabulous.  The only thing I don't like is that it's pretty far at the end of the strip.  Walking to the middle is kind of a long trek.  The pool is awesome too, great music, and the service is excellent.  \n\nI have nothing bad to say about this hotel."
2	"The hotel is beautiful and I love walking around and admiring the flowers and decor. It is definitely out of my price range.\nThe only reason we went there was to sign up for their player club card and get  the $10 free slot play. The slot play was fun-I spend like 3 hours or so playing the penny poker and left with $10 in my pocket. So I was happy :)\nThe location kind off sucks because it was a super long walk from our hotel Mandalay Bay."
2	"I'm writing the review from my room at the Wynn. Have been here for about a week now and I can say with certainty that Wynn is still 5 stars.\n\nThe economic crisis does not seem to have affected the Wynn in the least. The service is the same level as a year ago and there are very few signs that this is not a new hotel anymore. However, there are signs, which probably means that in my regular visit to Vegas a year from now I will not be staying here. Maybe the Encore. There's nothing like the perfection and the new-ness of  a brand new hotel.\n\nThe only negative point which I noticed was the fact that the rule about strollers was not enforced. I saw strollers with annoying crying babies on more than three occasions. Given that parents with crying babies can go pretty much everywhere, I resent the fact that they managed to also break their way into Wynn. Shame."
1	"If you'd like to wait in an hour long line to check in, and another hour long line to check out, this is the hotel for you. If enjoy being overcharged, ignored, and patronized, or if you don't want to use of the pool due to private parties, this is place place for you.\n\nThose of you who travel frequently and know what good hotel service is will not be happy here. Avoid."
2	"Luxury! \n\nThe only 5 star hotel I have ever stayed in and one of the only 5 star, 5 diamond hotels in the country!\n\n+\n+Checked in at 2:30pm, a half hour early with no problems. \n+Location is quiet but pretty close to the rest of the South Strip. \n+Deuce bus stops right across the street on Las Vegas Blvd. \n+Beautiful, tasteful, & luxurious decor and atmosphere. \n+Connected to Encore, another beautiful hotel which is also owned by Steve Wynn. \n+I had an Executive Suite room- Very large room, beautiful view, large windows. \n+2 bathrooms in Executive Suite. \n+Separate entrance, lobby, and pools for Tower Suites guests. \n+Free coffee in the morning. \n+Free local newspaper in the morning. \n+Very comforable bed. \n+2 bathrooms, each has a television in them!\n+Amazing lighting in the suite. \n+Love all of the large mirrors in the room, and all around the hotel. \n+Amazing buffet downstairs. \n+Like the water fall in the front. \n+Love that the hotel,  unlike other Vegas hotels. was built from the inside out. \n+Very nice & accommodating staff.  \n+Free water whenever you want. \n+Brought a refrigerator to the room. \n+Really great casino in the lobby. \n+Love the bathtub/jacuzzi in my suite!\n+Remote controls for the window shades. \n+Very good lighting in the room. \n+Huge television with full cable in my suite. \n+Received 50% off Tower Suite by just using my American Express. \n+Received free gambling money after 100 points. (Spin the wheel!)\n+I like that the room key is the gambling key too. \n+5 or 6 pools that are magnificent. One of my favorite parts of the hotel!\n+Spa/fitness center was really nice, although $30. \n+Entire building and room was very clean. \n+Maids were very sweet. \n\n-\n-Closest monorail station is at Harrah's. \n-I was told that the pools are open until 6pm, but all of a sudden, they close at 5pm, coincidentally the day I got there!\n-Pool opens late at 9am. \n-Our rental car got a flat tire in their parking lot. \n-A little too stuffy, yet elegant."
2	"we didn't stay at the wynn but next time i'm in LV we definitely will... hung out at the sports book saturday watching the UF/GA game drinking some bud lites... great atmosphere... lots of college football fans and even some fellow gators... we spent sunday again at the sports book watching the 4th quarter of the dolphins/jets game... way more people on sundays watching the nfl games... we celebrated the dolphin win at one of their bars (adjacent the water wall)... the bar reminded me of a russian theme with their trinkets and decorations... it was a great comfortable bar where we enjoyed drink after drink and enjoyed a nice cigar... really cool bartenders there too... shout out to rodney, PD, and rick at the wynn...  h-100..."
1	"I was so disappointed with my stay! They gave me a dirty room so they moved me to another \""upraded\"" room for the trouble. They charged my credit card $2000.00 and even produced an altered receipt saying I authorized it! Beware they are crooks! Also just for your own information check out bbb.org and check out there record before deciding to stay here!"
2	"This is the best place I have ever stayed at hands down.  My suite at the Wynn on the 32nd floor of the resort was perfect.  It overlooked the golf course and the amenities were amazing.  Everything was worth it and the hotel staff was great.  As a result, I got some amazing sleep (electric blackout curtains are a must!).  My only gripe was the lack of an ice machine on our end of the resort.\n\nThis place far outstrips any other hotel in gambling ($10 min craps even on Friday night outside of XS including fast complimentary drinks), food (Society Cafe), pools, and entertainment (XS, Tryst, & Blush).  \n\nI definitely wish I stayed and just got faded at the Encore pool instead of wasting time at the Tool Academy reject party at Tao Beach.  The adult pool at Encore is fun.  You can hop right out of the pool and gamble.  Towels and water bottles are provided poolside which is a great service for guests.  Don't expect topless at the European pool - its mostly plastic cougars milling about for guys on 'roids.  I'd also advise hanging out at the Wynn pool if you have a large group since there will be plenty of space for you.\n\nUSEFUL: Go to the \""Drug Store\"" - ask around... the small bags are $10 and the large ones are $50... j/p.  Anyway, the pharmaceutical-less \""drug store\"" is a misnomer but it is what they call their little convenience store on the casino floor.  By the register they will have free passes to tryst, blush, and XS.  This will save you the stress, time and $ to get into any club there.\n\nOh yeah, I also saw Tony Hawk with two slooters and a corona while we were checking out of the tower.  My g/f said \""I don't think that's his wife.\""  I replied, \""I don't think EITHER of them are.\""\nI'm funny."
2	"I had been looking forward to staying at the Wynn for some time.  I make several trips to Las Vegas a year for work and I have stayed at many of the other casinos.  I had heard from many people that it was by far the best in Las Vegas.\n\nIt is not the best, but it is pretty good.  The guest rooms are large.  They are laid out quite well.  My room gave me a great view down the strip.  The floor to ceiling windows is a nice touch.  The rooms are nicely appointed through out.\n\nThe bathrooms are large.  I always enjoy the small flat screen television in the bathroom.  Several hotels do this now, but the television in my bathroom was loud enough for me to hear it while showering.  That simple fact made me happy.\n\nThe reason I did not give the Wynn five stars is the choice of patterns and colors.  I find them quite tacky.  I know I am in the minority in this, but I find the decor at the Venetian & Palazzo quite nicer.  The carpet in the hallways is brutal.\n\nI am not a gambler so I can not say much to that.  There are several great food options.  Parking is easy.  I found a spot quickly and had a short walk to the guest room elevators.\n\nI have many friends that always go the cheap route and stay at scary places like Excalibur and Luxor.  Trust me on this.  Spend the extra money and stay at a good hotel/casino.  There are many to choose from.  Treat yourself to the Wynn, Venetian or Bellagio at least once.  Depending on your tastes one of those will be perfect for you.  I lean toward the Venetian, but Bellagio and Wynn are no slouches."
2	"The Wynn.  Quite an alluring name for a Las Vegas hotel and casino eh?  It's one of those \""I want to stay there some time\"" hotels that I had never stayed at up until this past weekend. We were enticed with a letter offering a \""buy one night, get two nights free\"" deal.  Three nights for $249? You betcha!  The room was very nice and immaculately spotless. The bathroom was just.....WOW!  Huge. Marble everything. It offered an oversized shower with separate tub, huge vanity, and built in TV for SportsCenter viewing while showering.  It gets no better than that.  Hotel service was good, but aside from checking in and out, we didn't need any assistance so I can't offer much there.  Speedy valet service had our Bently (not really, we took the Maybach) to us within a couple minute wait. A phenomenal vacation was had there.  Looking forward to going back. How about another buy 2 get 1 free offer please? Even without that offer, I'd stay there again and pay full price for that room. Two thumbs up!"
2	"Stayed at the Wynn recently and was very pleased. Check in was a breeze and was asked if I'd like a strip view or golf course view. Chose the golf course and turned out great. Mountains in the distance, etc. Room was very nice. Electronically controlled curtains, 2 bottles of water, chocolates and robes and slippers placed at your bed in the evenings. Bathroom was large and had its own TV and telephone. Nice glass enclosed shower and large tub. Bed was one of those that you hate to get out of with the nice linens and comfy pillows. Artwork was a little weird. Andy Warhol stuff that seemed a little bit like it should be at the Luxor instead of the Wynn but who the hell cares about artwork. haha  Security was tight getting to and from elevators but friendly. You have to meet your prostitute downstairs and bring her up. Damn!! 5 star hotel and I cant chill in my robe. :)  Great overall experience and would stay again to be centrally located on the strip with a nice casino and great sportsbook."
2	"I love this hotel. Everything about our 4 night stay was fantastic.\n\nChecking in was a snap and there is not a huge distance from the registration to the room elevators. Lovely entryway with trees lit up. Almost surreal. The lighting on all of the Wynn attractions is superb. Especially the waterfall shows by Daniel Boulud.\n\nWe snagged a resort room on Hotwire for $117 per night and figured what the hell. A few bucks more than other places, and no resort fee sold us on this property.\n\nThe room is a deep copper color and very calming. The bathroom was totally sweet! A separate glass shower and a seat by the vanity for doing whatever, like maybe watching TV right in the bathroom because you can!\n\nBeds were wonderful though the pillow selection is weird. One hugely long and wide one, and on big cylinder one. The flat screen swivels off the wall and is big.\n\nWynn is at the north end of the main strip which is nice because you're still close to other things like the Palazzo, Venetian, Belagio, etc. but far enough away to keep most from just wandering through. I assumed most of the people gambling were staying at the Wynn since it was cold as shit outside and no one had jackets.\n\nWe spent a bunch of time gambling here and had great cocktail waitresses boozing us up non-stop. I think it's the classiest crowd of any casino.\n\nThe buffet wasn't anything great, but Daniel Boulud rocked my socks off. 40oz ribeye for two with bone marrow and mashed potatoes! Do it!\n\nThey also have a rapid roulette game here which we played for a long time. \n\nIf you can get a good deal here go for it! Probably not worth the standard 160-170 a night, but if you can snag a room for under 130 go for it!"
2	"This review is for the Cake Room at the Wynn.\n\nIf you are staying at the Wynn and are celebrating an event (e.g. anniversary), you may want to consider having a custom cake created by the Cake Room at the Wynn. \n\nLast August, my husband and I celebrated our first year anniversary at the Wynn and I wanted to have a top-tier 6\"" cake created for our anniversary dinner. The total price was $69 ($50 for the cake and an additional $19 for the gum paste orchids). It didn't take long to order (I put the order two weeks prior to our arrival) and the catering supervisor taking my order was very accommodating and helpful.\n\nI had no clue what the cake would look like. It was a custom design that I had envisioned in my dreams. When it arrived at our dinner table, it was completely amazing. Even my husband was in awe (see photos).\n\nThe Cake Room at the Wynn made our first anniversary memorable. I highly recommend them since they've done such a great job and their work is amazing."
2	"The Wynn is currently at the top of my list of the best hotels in Vegas. I've been writing reviews for hotels in Vegas recently, and the Wynn stands out.\n\nMy stay was excellent. Upon entering my room, I had to just stand there and take the scene in. The room was decorated lavishly. Everything about it just worked. The bathrooms were luxurious. The beds were luxurious. The room was excellent. Period.\n\nI definitely want to come back whenever I'm in Vegas, especially to try the much raved about Wynn Buffet. So far though, the Wynn is overall a really great hotel."
2	"Bed, service, spa, casino all perfect. \n\nPlus the clubs are pretty good.  \n\nOn this trip I went to the bellagio and the palms, both of which used to be cool, and the Wynn was far nicer than both in most ways.  I also checked out the Encore (at Wynn) and it looked nicer - definitely newer and \""younger\"" (in a good way).  I'd suggest staying there instead, although the regular Wynn is great.  The spa & treatments are amazing.  The gym is great but its $30 if you dont go to the spa.  \n\nThe buffet kind of sucks in my opinion.  \n\nThe dealers were the best I've had in any casino probably and that includes a lot, in a lot of different cities and countries.  Customer service is very good here."
2	"Have stayed here on countless occasions, but if you ever get the chance stay in a Villa.....We spent a week in one of Villas and had a great time...they also have their own private pools and massage rooms and an amazing view of the golf course...one might forget that they're in Vegas. Encore is really nice too"
2	"This really is a luxury hotel and the decor takes Vegas to a new level.. one that is less gawdy and tacky...  the decor is more modern and yet extremely whimsical.. take a tour, even if you are not staying at the hotel..  make it a point to do a walk through and stop at Parasol Up/Down for a drink..  Daniel Bouloud for a meal... or just enjoy the general casino area..  \n\nThe rooms are sweet.."
2	"LOVE this place. Super whimsical and modern at the same time. Expect to see people dressed to the nines at this place. Awesome restaurants as well, and the service was above and beyond. A+"
2	"Beautiful Hotel and Casino.\n\nThe room is large and windows are floor to ceiling with curtains with remote. Large LCD tv in the room and a small one in the bathroom.\n\nThe casino is beautiful washed in red. I was told that it's red because the Asian color for luck is red.\n\nThe stores are very high end with the prices to match. Love the show Le Reve it was wonderful.\n\nRestaurants are pure indulgence.\n\nLoved taking a walk through Penske Wynn Ferrari dealership inside the Casino."
2	"What really has not been already said about the Wynn?  My wife and I stayed for a night on the way to the Grand Canyon.  We found a ridiculous deal on Hotwire for about $120 for the night for a room with a view of the mountains to the West.  That deal combined with the quality of the sheets, gigantic flat screen, marble in the bathroom helps me justify giving the Wynn a top rating."
1	"Wynn blew his budget on the hotel floor, which is amazing, but little was left over for their rooms. Their rooms are smallish, the furniture spare, and only 1 tv (lol this is Vegas). Colorful wall paint feigning opulence. Try the Venetian suites, way better mattress, lots of thick terry cloth towels, lots of marble stone, thicker carpet, 2 tvs (lol), split levels, a humongous L shaped couch to sleep more of your friends.\n\nBut the Numero Uno reason for the 1 star? We stayed on 25th floor, golf course side, and we could hear BASS booming from club XS, their open \""pool\"" club til 4:10AM. When I called their concierge, they said, yes it bothers some people. What the? So they know and they don't care cause they rather make money? Later Wynn."
2	"most fabulous 5 star hotel in vegas! stayed here with my hubby for a friend's wedding and mini getaway for 4 nights & 5 days...our room was on the 38th floor if i remember it right, it has amazing views and state of the art equipments, i so love the bathroom, it's the size of a room already! great vanity for women... :) everything was so comfy esp the bed and the room service was awesome!!! would love to come back anytime!!!"
2	"Just got a loyalty email w/ a broken link, replied, got a useless form response. Minus one star."
2	"I hate to say it (beacuse Steve Wynn is a royal jerk) but the Wynn is one of if not the most stunning and classy-looking hotels oh the Strip. No fake\nskies frippery or a cast of characters wandering about (and I realize Wynn owns hotels that fit that description as well), just clean lines, artful\ndesign without being overly ostentatious (at least by Vegas standards!). Also, it has arguably the best buffet brunch in Vegas."
2	"I am not a huge fan of the decor-colors used in the rooms here.  It's desert-themed with the oranges and reds and light blues sprinkled in, but I personally think that any sort of theme-y decorating beyond the \""neutrals\"" is a poor long-term decision.  However, I understand we're in the desert, so it's probably appropriate.\n\nThe separate bathtub is big enough for  two-person bath, but my only complaint is that they should give you a little botte of bubble bath to enjoy it with :)  I would gladly swap one of the many soaps for some bath suds!  The bath amenities are impressive, though.  They are the only place I have ever seen to offer up little bottles of hairspray *and* Q-tips (pet peeve of mine is when hotels don't have Q tips).  They also have nice shampoo, conditioner, mouthwash, and toothbrushes.\n\nThe bathroom is set up like a vanity with his-and-hers sinks and a seat in the middle to do makeup.  It has a side-room with the toilet so one can have privacy while someone else is getting ready in the bathroom.  The bathroom is very spacious and was my favorite part of the hotel room.\n\nThe bedroom area had a small couch, a coffee table, a desk, and a kitchenette-dining-table.  It was crowded with furniture, definitely, but maneuverable.  \n\nThe actual hotel/casino area was quite a sight.  I personally loved the casino at the Wynn best, and the restaurants were solid.  There was a cafe that serves REALLY delicious coffee in the morning (albeit at $4+ a pop for drip coffee!), and the choices for food and shopping were abundant.  The lobby area was decorated for christmas and thus had hanging balls and christmas trees everywhere.  Very beautiful.\n\nThe concierge staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and we found their recommendations quite helpful.\n\nSomething I didn't discover until the last day there - there is a shopping mall across the street (2 minute walk) if you want to do non-boutique shopping (like the high-priced things you find in the hotel boutiques).  If you are looking for a going-out outfit and think that there are no cheaper-places to shop at, you're wrong.  Walk outside, cross the street, and go to the large complex that has restaurants and many floors of \""normal mall\"" shopping.  They also have a starbucks and a food court if you want to grab coffee/breakfast at non-Wynn-hotel-restaurant prices."
1	"Here is the thing about the Wynn: The lobby is great. Really fabulous- marble, inlaid decor, everything you'd expect from a top-notch vegas resort. \n\nThe rooms? Pretty disappointing. We stayed in a basic room at the Wynn- I was intrigued that they brag about how the room took five years to design, but I think most of that time was spent at the craps tables, because there were some fairly shocking basic design flaws. \n\nFirst of all, the toilet part of the bathroom is dark, and paneled in dark wood. If you like the feeling that you are peeing in a 1970s closet, you're all  set here. \n\nThere is no easy way to turn off the lights from the bed, which, I'm sorry, should be illegal.\n\nRented a movie, which kept switching on and off- almost like a bandwidth overload was occurring. Quite infuriating, given the price tag. \n\nSmall details overlooked: the towels were the roughest, oldest pieces of sandpaper I've ever encountered in a hotel, there is no coffee machine or even free water, no fridge- so forget about bringing home that leftover for later- and even the housekeeping was spotty. They forgot to remove used towels that were clearly left out for them every single day. \n\nYou seem to get nickeled and dimed here quite a bit. Room service was polite, but the $20 continental breakfast fails to mention that you are getting miniature pastries, not full size ones. Don't let the minimalist zen packaging on the toiletries fool you either- check the ingredients on the same products in the gift shop- they are full of petrochemicals and parabens- very cheap ingredients.  I understand charging to use spa facilities, but asking someone to pay $20 a day for a run on the treadmill? Internet at $14 a day? Cheap!!\n\nAlso, the pool is blocked from the sun after about 2 pm. Not a problem in August, I imagine, but it was the #1 complaint I heard on the elevators. \n\nThese may seem like little details, but this is meant to be one of best hotels on the strip. If I was staying at a Ramada, I wouldn't complain, but at these prices, I expect a little luxury, or at least decent towels. I have stayed at the MGM Signature previously for about the same price, and was expecting the same quality- in almost every aspect, this place lacked the class, style and basic luxuries that place offered.\n\nThat all said, the view was great, the grounds gorgeous, and the champagne brunch fantastic. Le Reve is the most incredible show on the planet, and I liked that valet parking was free. Also, don't miss the 25 cent wheel of fortune slots- they seem to hit regularly! \n\nI'll definitely back to visit the casino and hit the buffet, but I'm returning to the wonderful Signature next time."
1	"I stayed at the Wynn for four nights last week.  It was my first and last time staying at this hotel.  First off, it is a very beautiful and classy place with an awesome buffet.  However I think all this disguises the underlying problems this hotel has: convenience and a quiet night's stay.\n\nI go to Vegas often and have stayed at many different hotels on the strip including Encore.  Checking-in never took longer than 5 minutes at the other hotels except at the Wynn which took 40 minutes.  Yeah, ok it was busy but Vegas always is when there's a convention in town which is basically every day.\n\nThe first night what I thought was the TI pirate show turned out to be the window panes hitting each other because of the wind.  Keep in mind it was not that windy.  It was more so just breezy.  I was wondering why I was hearing such loud noise every couple minutes.  You would think for such a ritsy, expensive hotel this wouldn't happen, but it's definitely the case at the Wynn and from what I remember the Encore as well.  Not a big deal if you are out all night partying.  But when you gotta get up early the next morning because you are on a business trip it's not a good thing.\n\nWhen it came time for me to leave and check-out they don't even have the convenience of checking out on the TV.  Anyways, I needed a statement copy so I went to registration to check-out.  Another 20 minutes wasted.  While I was waiting in line I overheard one of the workers tell a guest who was checking out that he was 13 minutes past check-out time.  Common now!  How dare he even say that to a guest and on top of that it was because the F@#$king line moved so damn slow!\n\nWhen it was finally my turn to check-out they messed up on my bill.  Turns out they never took down my credit card information, which I provided them when I checked in and charged everything to the saved company corporate card on file.  I told them all charges needed to be on my own credit card due to my company's policy.  She didn't understand or know what to do so she had to grab a coworker to help her out who also didn't understand the situation.  This is understandable because how can a confused person properly tell another what the situation was without confusing her?\n\nAfter some time they finally fixed the problem and I was out of there.  Never to return again.  I don't know if the convenience of quick checking-in and out is due to there computer system or just incompetence.  I don't care for finding out.  All I know is I completely discourage people from staying at this hotel."
2	"This place is everything I dreamed it would be. Decadence at it's finest. Do it, you know you want to stay there..."
1	"If you take only one review into account before making your decision on where to go/stay in Las Vegas, make it this one:\n\n***AVOID AT ALL COSTS***\n\nBLATANT LIARS.  APPALLING SERVICE.  ATROCIOUS EXPERIENCE.\n\nLook at my other reviews and you'll see that I don't like spreading negativity.  In the event of a problem, I always give management the chance to resolve the issue prior to saying anything negative.  My time at the Wynn, but more importantly the followup with management in an attempt to correct the problems, was so bad I felt compelled to say something.  \n\nThe experience was an embarrassment, but sometimes things go wrong: it happens even at the most polished establishment.\nWhat made me write this review was the response management gave when I informed them of the issue, something to the effect of:\n\n\""Your business or lack thereof will not impact our quarterly profits.\""\n\nI suppose that's a polite way of telling your customers to go to hell."
1	"so not impressed with this place.  We made our reservations back in February.  We received a call telling us that unfortunately they won't be honoring our reservation due to the fact they have over sold.  They weren't over sold when they took our reservation and deposit, but now we are screwed.  We lose our airfare and show tickets if we do take what they are cramming down our throats.  \n\nMust be nice to be have a 5 star rating.  They reminded me of this 4 times during the call where they were telling me I was screwed and I should be happy with what they are giving me."
1	"The Pros: Pretty flower balls when you walk in. Nice pool area, but when we're in Vegas, we never go to the pool. Room service food was excellent.\n\nThe Cons:\n\nNOISE. I couldn't sleep at the Wynn. This place is all about appearances. It LOOKS nice when you walk in, but it's poorly insulated. Our room shook every time our neighbors closed their door and it sounded like they were slamming it. Compared to our stays at the Aria, Bellagio, MGM - you can hear a pin drop. The other major noise issue was the wind. Silly, I know, but the wind outside was so loud I could NOT sleep. The Wynn told us it was their \""windy season\"" and the desk lady commented she's a heavy sleeper so it doesn't bother her. I am a light sleeper, but my husband is an incredibly heavy sleeper and the wind and door slamming woke him up too. I've stayed at top floors in many Vegas hotels - I've never been kept awake by the wind whistling. I think the Wynn is just poorly insulated! \n\nGAMBLING SUCKS. Again, I'm used to MGM with a seemingly endless amount of tables to choose from. The casino is rather small and the table minimums are high. During the day, you will be hard-pressed to find more than one table under a $25 minimum. It's even difficult to find many tables to choose from in the $25 range. The table minimum is no problem for my husband, but I don't like to bet that high. The MGM allows me to bet lower and he can bet as high as he wants. We were there with a big group for a birthday this time, and this was a huge problem since most people were not wanting to bet that high during the day. MGM and Aria are much more accommodating to a group.\n\nLOCATION. Again, I prefer the excellent location at MGM and Aria. When we want to venture out of the hotel, we've found it to be easy to walk to a ton of nearby casinos. The Wynn was not convenient for us. It's walking distance to Treasure Island? blech.\n\nThe Wynn is all about appearances and it falls so far short of the mark I can't imagine ever returning. Most importantly, I didn't sleep for 3 days because of the noise issues with this hotel. Don't believe that just because you're spending a small fortune to stay here you're going to get luxury. You're not."
1	"The Wynn sucks. My husband and I went for a 3 night getaway and were highly disappointed. The staff was so useless and at times even rude. I have stayed in dozens of hotels in Vegas and never had such bad service. They must not treat their employees well is all I can say. \n\nWe were actually booked months in advance at the Encore but when we showed up mysteriously our reservation had been booked under a double bed room at the Wynn. Why would a married couple book a double bed room? What are we Lucy and Ricky? I think they just got busy and gave our room away. Since the Encore was now completely full the only option we had was to stay at the Wynn. \n\nEverything was overpriced. We got a $16 cup of room service coffee, no free wi-fi Internet, hotel guests have to pay $35 to use the fitness room. We wanted to get some spa treatments and for some reason \""the computer\"" wasn't letting them book the appointments at the same time, even though there were plenty of spots available. Instead of trying to resolve the problem for us the staff just said well you'll have to go at different times. Can anyone think outside of the box here??? Seriously at $90 for a pedicure you'd think they could figure out how to make it work. I finally asked for a manager and presto they solved the issue. Total lack of customer service. The spa looked like it was designed for 87 yr old ladies with blue hair. \n\nThe plus side of our stay was the room. It was really nice. Large room overlooking the strip view and a giant bathroom with a large soaking tub. The pool was nice too but get down there early to save yourself a lounge chair. We saw the Circ du Soleil show, Le Reve, and that was really great. \n\nI wouldn't spend any time in the casino there or stay at the hotel again. Was such a downer."
1	"surprised that it wasn't nicer. expecting it to be on a par w/ the bellagio but it wasn't. no coffee makers in the room (what a real pain) and a very plastic feeling casino. the people that work there seemed to be unfriendly or unhappy, either way they were not that nice or accommodating"
2	"Beautiful Executive suite, great dining. Great experience overall. Only wish they had live jazz music nightly and a smoke-free casino section. Totally spoiled Vegas for us. Can't stay in anything less opulent now."
2	"We've stayed here numerous times and we've loved every experience!\n\nParking is average, Valet is OK. Front desk was such a delight, they ask if you need any information as far as places to eat, visit, etc. We head to the elevators and there's someone that checks for room keys, which kinda makes no sense when your players card is your room key so anyone with a players card can walk up there and say that they're staying there. Swimming pool is gorgeous. I've stayed at many hotels and this is one of my favorites.\n\nThe room was nice, the bed was AMAZING and I loved the high ceilings. My Mom was with us the last time that we we were there and it was her first time that she stayed on that side of the strip, her and my Pop usually stay at the MGM, and she loved it. I liked the faucet in the bath tub, it was like a waterfall.\n\nThe only thing that she, and I, weren't fans of were the slot machines, THEY NEVER PAID! After donating enough to pay for a night's stay at the Wynn on the WEEKEND, we went else where to play.\n\nWe didn't really eat anywhere at the hotel/casino so I can't comment on that....\n\nI love this hotel and if I ever decide that I'd like to stay on the strip then this would be my top choice!"
2	"This is our favorite place to stay in Las Vegas! If you want to check out the nightlife reach out to @RobertJMontero (Blush) or @davefogg (DJ for Tryst & XS Nightclub). Of course @wynnlasvegas is very, very responsive. Best manicure available on the strip! Plus all the original art - it's like staying in a museum with world class customer service from all the Wynn employees."
1	"Very beautiful hotel. Unfortunately, the staff is not as helpful. Granted, some people that we encountered (check-in staff, card dealers) were very nice. Overall, my experience at the Wynn was horrible.\n\nI stayed at the Wynn with a party of 10. We had five separate rooms all on the 15th floor. We had a number of issues during our stay, including a robbery in our room and a number of inconveniences.\n\nI checked in second, and the three remaining rooms checked in after me (as we were all arriving on different flights from different parts of the country). When my friend arrived, his room was not ready, and so he left his luggage with the concierge. When I met him, I offered to allow him to leave his luggage in my room until his room was ready. We went to the concierge and they would not give us his luggage (even though we had the ticket)! The policy is that you cannot take your own luggage from the concierge; you must go upstairs to your room and call for it to be delivered. The concierge assured me that if we went upstairs and called it would be brought right up. So, we go upstairs and call. I speak to the SAME woman when I called for the luggage and she told me there would be an HOUR wait for the luggage. She also said that we must remain in the room. What an inconvenience! I could have carried it upstairs myself! We decide not to wait and tell them we will call back at a later time. When we call back, we are told that it will be 20 minutes for them to deliver the luggage. I think this is a reasonable time because the hotel is huge and it takes 15 minutes to walk from the concierge to the room anyway. The luggage is delivered AN HR AND TEN MINUTES LATER! Almost a full hour later than they quoted!\n\nAnother inconvenience included being comped buffets by a blackjack dealer. My friends and I sat at the same blackjack table for about 6 hrs. Two people in our party spent a significant amount of money at these tables and tipped the dealer well. They were each told that they were going to be comped 2 buffets and that they would show up on their room key. The next morning when we tried to go to the buffet, only 1 person was comped 2 meals. The other person was comped only 1 meal. Did anyone attempt to help us resolve this issue? No. Of course not. We had to walk all the way out to the concierge from the buffet and wait in line to get the matter resolved. For a 5-star hotel, they certainly don't make things easy on their guests (with comps and luggage delivery, at least!)\n\nLastly and most importantly, our room was robbed the first night we were staying at the hotel. I checked into the room at 930am. We were out of the room for most of the morning and afternoon, and from about 6pm-midnight we were in and out. At this time, we had guests in our room from our party and for about an hour (while we were in the room) had the door ajar so that our guests could easily get in while we all sat chatting and no one would have to answer the door. Then from about midnight until 4am (when I returned to the room) no one was in the room and the door was locked. During this time, someone entered our room and stole 2 bags: 1 bag was a Longchamp weekender bag and the other was a laptop case. In the laptop case was a computer, a gps, and an ipod.\n\nWe reported the missing items to security in the morning when we realized they were gone. They filed a report and provided my friend (who's longchamp luggage was stolen) a piece of luggage so that she could get home. After this encounter, it all went downhill. Later on that day, one of the people in my party was allowed into my room by hotel security (even though this person was a registered guest of another room in the hotel) and was not even asked to show ID or fill anything out. Security just let him right into my room and did not monitor what he was doing while inside. Granted, I would have allowed this person in my room myself, but SECURITY should not be so lax about who is allowed in rooms! Just because they knew that we had a large party, they let anyone that asks into my room? NO WONDER WE WERE ROBBED! I never told anyone from the hotel to allow this person into my room at any point over the weekend. They took it upon themselves to do so! \n\nWhen the Risk Management office opened on Monday (please explain to me why no one from risk management is available over the weekend when the CRUX of this business is vacation travelers?) our claim was denied. They said that we entered and exited the room too many times on Friday night. I was completely unaware that to be PROTECTED FROM THEFT, there is some little known limit to how many times you can enter and exit YOUR OWN ROOM! \n\nI WILL NEVER STAY AT THE WYNN AGAIN AND UNLESS YOU DON'T CARE ABOUT BEING ROBBED AND INCONVENIENCED, I SUGGEST YOU DON'T, EITHER!"
2	"Overall, the Wynn was a nice, comfortable place to stay.  Everything is so expensive though!  Most high-end hotels offer free wi-fi or hot water for tea--not so with the Wynn.  Internet access is $14 a day, hot water service is $10 (and they kept taking the cart back even though we are allowed to keep it the entire stay).  I liked the pool at the Bellagio more--there are designated lap areas there and I don't remember there being the loud, ubiquitous, dance music playing all day long.  But it's a luxury hotel and the rooms are very clean, quiet, and spacious.  I used the spa at Encore ($40 a day) and that was the most beautiful spa I've been to yet."
2	"this place is swank. big, beautiful, clean and posh. the hotel room was awesome, bigger by a good margin than most standard rooms and the bathroom was very nice. I'm pretty sure this was one of their basic rooms too, but I was appropriately impressed by the personalization of the room (my name showed up on the phone and tv systems, which made me giddy) and the floor to ceiling panoramic windows made for a great view, especially from the 57th floor. even better, i had a great deal for the room though I would've been happy to pay more for the quality of the stay. we only had one small problem with the tv, that was more our fault than anything and they sent up a technician within minutes of our making a call about it. \n\nthe casino area and shops are tops, though don't look for any super low limits there. excellent tables, chairs and service. I didn't get to check out any of the restaurants or clubs unfortunately, but the night scene was very active and eye-candy was everywhere."
1	"I am a degenerate gambler and I have played in and stayed in every hotel in Las Vegas.  From the Circus Circus to Imperial Palace to the downtown hotels to the local casinos to the Venetian and Wynn.  One word in reference to the Wynn Hotel and Casino:  HYPE\nThey are hurting for business bigtime because they recently introduced a resort fee that is charged per night of stay.  They want to charge me to use the pool and WIFI?  LMAO!!!  \n\nWhat is the all the hype about this casino?  The food sucks.  The casino games are the same games found in any casino.  Do you guys really get excited by the architecture of the building?  Do you enjoy standing in a line of 100 people to get into a nightclub?  Do you guys enjoy being packed in a nightclub like a bunch of canned sardines?  \n\nIf you are not getting your rooms comped, save your money and stay at a place like Treasure Island.   \n\nI am convinced that people stay here just to brag to their friends that they stayed at the Wynn.  Same type of suckers who go to those high end restaurants like that pathetic restaurant carnevino at Palazzo.  They just want to take pictures and upload it to their twitter/facebook and try to rub it in their friend's faces.  I get comped to eat these places and I never do.  The food sucks.  I prefer the food court on the casino floor at the Venetian.  Believe me, the cheeseburger or philly cheesesteak at the food court tastes better than anything that carnevino can produce.  A 5 dollar an hour employee makes better food than a 5 star chef in a 5 star restaurant.  Believe it."
2	"One of the most beautiful hotels!!\n\nThe ambiance and atmosphere is great.\nOnce you walk in you feel underdressed, even if you're dressed up, because everything around is soo beautiful. \n\nThe casino is a great size, a lot of bars conveniently located around the area. \n\nThere is a beautiful waterfall by the restaurant. \n\nRooms are  h u g e!! We had a complimentary room, and for a free room it was the best one ever! You would think that hotels would give their ookay rooms as free rooms, and if this is the Wynn's version of an okay room, I wonder what their upgraded rooms look like!\n\nWe had a room overlooking their s p e c t a c u l a r golf course!! It was beautiful! I don't golf a lot, but I would love to play a round of golf on that amazing looking green! You wouldn't think that you could find a golf course like that in the middle of the dessert on the Las Vegas Strip!\n\nThe workers are really nice, and also very helpful. The place is really upscale, and thus everything is kept really nice. We even saw Dean Cane walking around! If it's good enough for Superman, it's good enough for me! :)"
2	"The Wynn is beautiful!\n\nThe rooms are clean, nicely decorated and feature HUGE bathrooms.  The pools are sparkling clean and lovely, with good service.  Free water and fruits are passed around and you can order off their poolside menus.\n\nWe upgraded to the Wynn Tower, which got us access to a second level of pools that weren't quite as crowded.\n\nI'd love to stay at the Wynn again!"
2	"Beautiful casino!!"
2	"Steve Wynn can do no wrong.\n\nI stayed at Encore the last time I was in Las Vegas and let me tell you, it was spectacular! I stayed in the Tower suite at Encore - equipped with a personal entrance, check-in and pool. So amazing!\n\nIt's rather convenient that Encore and Wynn are different casinos, yet connected at the same time. That way you can experience what Encore has to offer as well that of Wynn. \n\nIf you're looking to party at night, be sure to check out the XS nightclub at Encore. It's truly a state-of-the-art discotech with an outdoor pool and bar that overlooks the Wynn and Encore buildings. If you are a lady, be sure to get your name on the guest list before you go so you can get complimentary passes (For the gentlemen...Sorry! No dudes allowed on the guest list). \n\n\nAfter my experience at Encore and Wynn, I have to say that nowhere else compares to this. They are state-of-the-art hotels that represent the best way to experience Vegas. The only thing comparable to Wynn and Encore is the CityCenter."
2	"I think I want to live here...correction- I KNOW I want to live here. \n\nRegistering, even on a Monday afternoon was CROWDED! And it was slow. The woman behind the desk took my cell phone number, and said hopefully they can get us a room in an hour. FORTY minutes later, I got a call saying the room was ready...on the 33rd floor. This is why you should be nice to everyone.\n\nanyway, we were on the 33rd floor, facing the strip. It was a gorgeous view. And at night, it was even better! I was very entertained by the motorized drapes, perfect for lazy like me.\n\nthe room and hall colors, like everyone else commented, is this weird burnt orange sort of color. I'll get over it though, because everything else was just that gorgeous. I absolutely loved the bathroom, which was HUGE. see, I don't really care about the actual room being that big, because honestly, how much time do you spend in your room in Vegas? but having a big bathroom just makes everything better! :D\n\nThe pool was beautiful. The adults only area was especially nice, when there were noisy splashing children in the other pool. Of course the topless pool is not complete without the horny boys (who probably just turned 21), nervously sitting on the edge of the pool, looking at my direction every minute or so to see if I would take my top off. (I was about the only person there...so...yeah...not being conceited here, just the truth)\n\nI just absolutely loved everything- the decor at the casino level, the row of shops I can't afford to shop at, the pretentious people walking about with their noses in the air. I loved it all."
2	"I'm sure this is what heaven looks like. If not, this is where I want to go when I die. \n\nEverything about Wynn was perfect. It's like Steve Wynn crept into my brain, stole all the fabulous things I love, and outfitted his namesake hotel specifically for me. \n\nI absolutely loved the whimsical, elegant and classy decor - from the colorful mosaic floors to the gorgeous flower garden, Wynn is pure perfection. The colors were vibrant and reminded you that you were on vacation. \n\nThere was never anything out of place - if a chair was not flushed with the slot  machine in front of it, someone would swiftly pass by and tuck it in neatly. \n\nThere are individual chandeliers lighting every table and slot machine section, giving Wynn a warm, romantic feel. \n\nWe got to Las Vegas early in the morning but were still able to check in to our room before actual check-in time. There was no line and the woman who helped us was very nice and helpful. \n\nWynn is not just big-picture gorgeous, it's great in the details too -- Even the room keys were beautiful - glossy fire engine red with our names imprinted in gold. Too classy.\n\nThe casino area was my favorite out of all the others we ventured into during our stay, hands-down - no overwhelming smell of smoke and no cheesiness. \n\nOur room was just as nice as the rest of the hotel. The floor to ceiling windows overlooking The Strip, huge flat screen TV, the upscale bathroom with a large bathtub and shower, and the incredibly plush bed made me want to simply vacation in our room. \n\nThe pool is also great because there's plenty of nooks and crannies you can hide in and just relax in the hot desert heat! \n\nOverall, our stay at Wynn was completely stress-free and amazing - I don't think I can ever stay anywhere else in Las Vegas."
1	"European Pool:\n\n If you are not prepared to see uber gross trashy women without tops and men swarming towards them like sharks, this is not the place for you.  I was so disgusted, I got up, went to play black jack and lost hundreds of dollars yet I still felt better than being there.  Argh.. \n\nMr. and Mrs. Wynn:  You have excellent bouncers at XS, you need to put a few of them at the Euro pool. Some people are meant to have clothes on."
1	"I'm sure lots of folks thing the Wynn is all win, but I am not one of them. My experience at the Wynn was distinctly five star and distinctly one star at different moments. \n\nThe hotel is, of course, gorgeous. From the flower lined trees in the entrance atrium to the cabanas alongside the pool, the Wynn is one of the nicest hotels in Vegas. \n\nOur first room was on the strip side and offered views of Treasure Island and the Mall (which, although it's a mall, is architecturally pleasant on the strip side). It was a bright salmony orange color, spaces with a full walk-in shower and soaking tub. (Contrary to other reviews, at the least in the standard rooms, the large tub is NOT a jacuzzi tub - it is a soaking tub.) Our second room was higher up on the golf course side, which was pleasant but not as fun to look at the the strip. It also had a walk-in shower and a soaking tub, but the walls were brown (which is where all the walls are apparently headed in the remodel). Both rooms offered stunning views of mountains in the distance by day. \n\nWhy did we have two rooms? Oh yes. So we were two females who had booked a room with two double beds. We confirmed THREE TIMES that we had a nonsmoking with two double beds and that we would be checking in late. When we arrived we were told there were no more rooms with two beds by a woman who was rude and unapologetic. When my friend asked why we weren't notified when we confirmed she responded \""I can send a twin bed if you want it.\"" She did not offer to inform us if a room was later made available, we had to ask to be informed and to have a note made. Whatever, it was 11pm. We went up to the room and waited for the twin which never came. Thirty to forty minutes later we called and asked if it was coming soon and we were told yes. We then asked if we needed to be in the room when it arrived and we were told no so we went across the street for a very later dinner. When we returned an hour or so later, still no bed. We called again. We weren't told they'd check into it and call us back. No call back. We called again. We were told they had to see if it was ordered and they'd get back to us. No call back. We called again. The last woman was helpful, said she'd call back, and called back 15 minutes later. 5 minutes after that the bed arrived. \n\nThis was one of MANY examples of shoddy service at the Wynn. (Don't get me started on the changing rooms debacle that could have been seamless and nice but, instead, turned into a dramedy.) The were several other instances where we where the wrong name was on the room, things did not work and they would send somebody up but nobody came. I could write paragraphs of examples. Although only that first woman was rude, many of the staffers at the Wynn were inept and lacking follow-through. There were a few standouts of excellence, like the woman at the Red Card counter near the room elevators (whose name I don't remember, but she was a pretty Asian woman if that helps), and Mike, who hailed us a cab that took credit cards with expertise and personality that made our last moments at the Wynn happy ones. \n\nThe European pool was enjoyable until the sun started to \""set\"" behind the Palazzo, and then, nothing but shade. \n\nOh, and the beds were really comfy, well, when we finally had beds. \n\nI also enjoyed two restaurants here, but I will review and rate them separately. \n\nI don't know. The Wynn really is gorgeous, but I have experienced far superior service overall elsewhere. When I'm on vacation, I don't want to have to fight for the basic things I need, no matter how lovely my surroundings are. Especially at the prices they charge here. This may not be my last stay in Vegas, but it is most likely my last stay at The Wynn.\n\n(Notes for the Wynn:   \n\nHaving an infomercial talking about all the things you can do while you're there is great; having Steve Wynn talk about it comes off as kind of douchey.   \n\nIn at least one of the write-ups for one of your night clubs in the book in the room it talks about how the place is a great place to take in both a sunset and a sunrise, right about the posted hours, which open after sunset and close before sunrise.  I'm just sayin'.  If you need a quality editor for your materials, I'm available at a reasonable price.)"
2	"Gorgeous hotel, love the huge waterfall that's located right outside the indoor dining and outdoor dining area.  Great architecture and is a nice wonderful place to people watch.  Located at the very end of the strip, it's a little away from the hustle and bustle of center Las Vegas Blvd.  Steve Wynn's newest editions are picture-esque!!!!\n\n\nAs for the buffet, first night of crab legs was exciting, so we were highly disappointed that they were mediocre crab legs.  Very nice that they were split lengthwise to save time cracking and gnawing, but the way they were served cold took the taste and left them bland and tasteless  There wasn't as large of a variety of foods as the Bellagio, as the quality of food wasn't as great either.  That piece of sushi was TINY! We actually shared the same sentiments with an older couple who sat next to us, where the lady actually observed, critiqued and compared EVERYTHING to the Bellatio buffet.    Dessert buffet was wonderful, but they didn't have cr\u00e8me brulee on that night's menu either...Cr\u00e8me brulee and tiramisu should be permanents on the list!  \n\nHotel 5 stars\nBuffet 3 stars"
1	"Brett Rubin, the Assistant Manager of the Wynn Hotel - pretty much ruined our stay.  She was rude, disrespectful, and even threatening.  A terrible example set as the \""face\"" of the Wynn hotel establishment to us as guests.\n\nIll keep this short and sweet.  You will be charged a $150 per day \""incidentals\"" fee ON TOP OF your room fee that will remain as an authorization on your card until your stay is over.  Then it drops off.  The staff will NOT tell you this when you check in, because for some reason they feel its ethical to not mention the additional $600 they'll be locking from your available balance on your card.  \n\nUnfortunately, my card declined because I expected my bill to be $750 for the room and they were trying to authorize nearly $1500 instead.  In addition to this my card had been stolen the night before because i was robbed.  Brett Rubin, the assistant manager for the Wynn hotel actually called my room and began scolding me for not having the sufficient balance on my card to cover the room and incidentals.  She demanded that I get to the front desk immediately and rectify the problem \""or else\"".  I told her I had no idea what she was even talking about, and no idea why she was trying to authorize $1500 when my stay was to cost $750.\n\nHer tone was disrespectful and rude.  She spoke to me as if I were a dog she was slapping with a rolled up newspaper, and as if I were trying to get out of having to pay.  She used phrases which made me feel as if I was a \""squatter\"" in her hotel, trying to get away with a free stay.  I was completely floored by this and actually started laughing because I was so thrown off by her abrupt tone and rudeness.  It got to the point that I chose to end the call.  \n\nShe actually redialed my number.  I picked up the phone and said \""Seriously?\""  It was at this point that she began to threaten to call security if I did not get down to the front desk to arrange for payment within 60 minutes.  I told her that her personality was horrifying, and that I will take care of the payment, and hung up on her.  I spoke to the front desk about my interaction with her and they literally could not care less.  I was so blown away by how she spoke to me that the entire rest of the stay was a total downer.  I felt like an unwelcome cancer in their hotel, and feared running into her wherever we went.  I was actually so upset by the phone call that I ensured she would not be at the front desk when I came down to arrange payment.\n\nIf you sort by reviews - poorest first - you will see that the consistent problem with this hotel is the staff.  If she is the one doing the hiring, then I am not surprised.  Bosses always hire people like themselves, and im floored that she is so high up in the pecking order at this hotel.  Her demeanor and personality are offensive.\n\nThis hotel is gorgeous, comfortable, and great, but I will never stay there again because they treated me like a theif and a freeloader.  And this was after spending over $1500 in an open tab at their night club XS.  Steve Wynn needs to be aware that his hotel staff are ruining the reputation of his hotel."
2	"I stayed here 3 years ago and I love it. the room is AMAZING, the view of the golf course is the best view on the strip in my opinion. the beds were the most comfortable thing in the world, just what you need after a crazy day in Vegas. the rooms are smaller than what you can get from other high class hotels on the strip but if you are only a couple it is perfect. and the casino and the lobby are very cool and modern.\nIt also has the best clubs on the strip. one of my favorite all time clubs; Tryst, Their fairly new hot spot Xs and hands down the best club on the strip; Surrender"
2	"I loved this hotel - \nThe shopping is mah-velous. \nYour lobby pomander path is lovely and reminds me of a favorite bag.\nIts kinda neat albeit it telltale to have a red card in your wallet - ha ha with my first 50 points I won lots of slot play! YAY!\nThe room was gorgeous - brown wallpaper and vanilla furniture, bright prints lit individually, remote controlled room temp, shades. The bathroom's double sink and middle vanity were nice, shower and soaking tub and TV and phone - and your toilet seats are my favorite of ALL the hotels I've ever enjoyed.\nEveryone, from bell at our taxi, registration, red card, game floor assistance, cocktail waiters, was wonderful. I was surprised to get greeted by a couple staff just walking through.\nI'll have to try the spa and pool one next time.\nIts close to hot clubs of the moment - surrender and XS.\nOnly thing I'd say to my fellow yelpers - at check-in ask which side you're on and opt for a upgrade to a higher floor if you aren't planning on staying out all night. It got kinda loud because of the club and stayed loud until 3am. =) good for us - just might not work for some."
1	"READ THIS ONE!!!\n\nJust wanted to remind everyone how bad this place is.  It's like a beautiful woman with a sadistic streak and expensive taste.  Fun to watch from a distance, but unless you are a masochist who enjoys paying for abuse, avoid."
1	"I never stayed at the hotel so I can not comment on the rooms. But this hotel does NOT allow Stroller into their facility!!!! There is a sign at one of their entrance. I will try to upload a picture of it. \n\nThe story is that Steve Wynn fell over a stroller and ever since then he did not want them there. How can that be the stroller fault. He should open his eyes when he walks. So what happens when there's no strollers and he falls over a little toddler running around? \n\nI've been to Wynn a few times already with the stroller. If you go in from the Main entrance they don't pay attention. Apparently, people who stay in the hotel are allow to have their stroller. So go in from the front. I think when you go in from the main entrance, you have to register the stroller or they store it. I'm not sure, when I went in I just kept on walking. Nobody stopped me. I'm not sure about the rule this year (2010) because I never saw the sign prior to this and in 2009 I got kick out from one entrance, I just tried a different entrance.\n\nWith this rule (there's other rules also you will see it with my upload) this place is very unfriendly to family. I guess Steve is anti-kids. \n\nThis year I just didn't go into Wynn at all, after all, I've seen the place already and there's nothing special for me to go back in again.\n\nThis is what's on the sign:\n\""For the Convenience and Safety of Our Guests...\n- No Strollers allowed\n- Guests under 21 must be accompanied by an adult\n- Purses and packages are subject to inspection\n- Smoking is permitted in the casino area only, all other areas are smoke free.\n- Alcoholic beverages are not permitted on Las Vegas Blvd.\n\nThank You for Your Cooperation\""\n\nNo Strollers allowed - Might be a safety issue (not really) but definitely NOT a convenience.\nGuests under 21 must be accompanied by an adult - definitely anti-family and anti-kids."
2	"Heaven on earth. Great food, drinks, and atmosphere."
2	"Orange, butterfly infused decorations describes this hip oasis in the desert. Stayed here about 3 times and its really a great place. The lobby has a filtration system that filters out the smoke smells and it doesn't smell like a rank old casino. They really know how to treat a guest. The rooms are beautifully decorated, with soft fat pillows on the bed and and a big screen tv to lull a guest to sleep.  If one needs to get away and just stay in, this place is the place to recoup and order room service.  I have many massages at their spa and I love it.  I have since moved on to the sister hotel Encore we have fond memories at the Wynn.  \n\nVisited during X-mas time and they have a beautifully decorated lobby and x-mas music blasting through the speakers.  Also, there is a nightly show of giant animatronics in the man made lagoon."
2	"First time in Vegas and it was recommended we stay at the Wynn. Got a good rate off of the Wynn website for 3 nights the week after labor day.\n\nFrom beginning to end the service was exceptional, the property beyond beautiful. Our room was very nice, not extravagant but nice. The bathroom was impressive and the view (29th floor) was amazing!\n\nThe bed was decent but the pillows could be a bit firmer. Housekeeping was great, loved how they \""organized\"" my mess of stuff in the bathroom. It's the little things that impress a girl like me.\n\nWe hit up the gym one morning which was nice. But what really impressed me was the pool! Loved lounging around and sipping on $18 pina coladas. Ah, the life. \""Just charge it to the room.\""  Beautiful grounds, comfy chairs, and chill music.\n\nBottomline, the Wynn is the place to go if you want a resort sort of feel while staying in Vegas."
1	"This is a review of my gambling experience. I was having a good time at the casino even though I was down. Then it seemed like I was constantly harassed for my social security number. One of the hosts gave me some bullshit answer when I asked why, so I gave them a bullshit social security number. \n\nAnyway, I know the reasons why a casino needs a social security number for gamblers, and I didn't fit into that criteria. I was down, and I don't think I was at the $10k transaction threshold yet. I got annoyed and left. \n\nI know a few other people they harassed as well. Wynn is a very nice hotel, but I don't gamble there anymore."
2	"The Wynn is one of my favorite hotels in Vegas, and I haven't even stayed here yet! The decor of the casino is so jaw-droppingly gorgeous. \n\nI love to just walk through the tiled casino walkways and admire the intracacies of the mosaic tile artwork. \n\nThe canopy of trees with hanging bulbs of flowers is another favorite aesthetic pleaser of this hotel. It's absolutely beautiful!\n\nLooking up, you notice the attention paid to even the ceiling, with it's recessed lighting and hanging lights.\n\nJust looking at the Wynn makes you feel like a VIP because this kind of beauty isn't seen every day (well, I guess it is if you're a dealer). It's hard to believe this beautifully interior-designed resort is in the middle of a dessert... If I didn't know any better, I'd think it was the Sultan of Brunei's palace or something!"
2	"The Wynn is easily one of the nicest, grandest and most popular hotels in all of Las Vegas.\n\nThe guys and I were fortunate enough to stay in one of the fairway villas for a bachelor party. Our 2 bedroom \""apartment\"" came complete with a massage room, 3 bathrooms (2 of which had infinity tubs and were the size of a small Vegas room), big entry hallway, massive living room for shenanigans, full bar setup and a balcony the whole length of the villa with lounge chairs overlooking the 18th green of the Wynn country club and its waterfall. There were ducks walking around the greens below. Lucky ducks... It didn't feel like Vegas. Huge LCD screens in each bedroom and living room. LCD screens on a swivel arm in the bathrooms as well. Very nice, indeed. There was also a separate powder room(?) as well, which got no usage from us.\n\nThis was easily the nicest hotel room/suite I've ever stayed in on the strip. The villas are located a little bit of a walk from the main entrance or south valet. It's past the gambling floor, past the Wynn buffet and past the pools. Keep walking towards the country club and you'll see these nondescript double-doors on your right side, right before the golf pro shop. These doors led to the elevators that allowed access to the fairway villas. Key card needed, of course. You wouldn't even know it was there.\n\nThe only issue we had with the villa was... since we were having a bachelor party there, was that we needed ice for our drinks. Searched the hallway outside the room. Nada. Looked downstairs by the pro shop. Nothing. So we call concierge and they inform us that ice is available to be delivered to the villa for $50 or we can walk across the casino floor to the other suite towers. That's right... FIFTY. Hahha... So we had some ice delivered and it comes in this gigantic Stanley Cup of a container, for lack of a better word. Nice ice!!!... LOL... with some Fiji water bottles. So it made spending that much for ice almost worth it... Almost.\n\nThe Wynn is great. The rooms, the shops, the staff, the service, best buffet on the strip, everything is tops. I highly recommend staying here. Their other suite area also very, very nice.\n\nOh... about the bachelor party... What bachelor party??"
2	"Had a little trouble here, but the staff made it right. Although checkout time is at noon and check-in is at 3 pm, they apparently decided to remodel the place at the ridiculous hour of 8:00 am on a Sunday morning.\n\nFinally away from the kid and after having a great night of food and shows, my wife and I wanted only to sleep in. At 8:00 am we heard really loud screwing and couldnt sleep anymore. Now I understand certain forms of screwing the hotel cannot control, but it sounded like they were hanging sheetrock next door. I later learned they were replacing the TVs and refrigerators of the entire floor. \n\nOther than that the place was great, and I will come back again."
2	"definitely one of the best hotel experiences i've had in vegas.  room was immaculate, amenities were great and they even delivered contact lens solution and a case to us free of charge when we discovered we had left them behind at midnight.  great service.\n\nthe casino has a \""classier\"" feel than many other upscale hotels in vegas - beautiful designs, spacious areas, etc.\n\nthe buffet is also awesome.\n\nthe only issue we had was that despite being on the 35th floor, we could still hear loud music late into the wee hours of the night on friday and saturday from xs (the encore's nightclubs are partially outside, meaning the music is extra loud).  made it difficult to sleep - recommend asking for a room facing the strip or at least higher up to solve this issue."
1	"Expected the best staying in the TOWER SUITES.\nIt was VERY disappointing.\nI love the private entrance and privater check in...but it ends there.\nBell man was NOT available at check in.\ntoo many other issues to go into.\nI will NOT be returning her again, not at THESE PRICES.\nThe expectations are too high and they do NOT live up to HYPE\n\n\nbuffet at the wynn is the best   ***** 5 stars all the way"
2	"This is one of my favorite hotels besides the Venetian.  The only disappointment is that they started charging an additional $20 for internet, fax, and printer service.  It's great if people use it but there are a lot of people that don't use it."
2	"This place is just classy. You *almost* feel relaxed here - which is a feat in Vegas. The shopping is upscale and people don't walk - they saunter. It's just nicely appointed and just the way Vegas should be."
2	"I loved the Wynn but regrettably had to take off a star because we were stopped at security in front of the elevators to go up to our rooms while carrying up a case of beer. Doesn't matter that this was to quench the thirst of 6 of us in our party. This is to \""discourage\"" partying in the rooms (Really?? We're in Vegas!). So okayyyy fine, we had to walk back to the parking lot to shove the bottles into our already heavy luggages.\n\nThat really was the only drawback from our weekend stay there. I loved the decor throughout the casino up to the hallways to within our room. The couches and beds were plush and super comfy. You can request an extra roll-out bed at no charge.\n\nConcierge was incredibly friendly too--talk to her for guys' tickets/passes to XS or Tryst and she may even throw in complimentary ones for Blush. You can even print your boarding pass with her.\n\nAlso Check in to Wynn on Foursquare and you'll get free champagne at Blush ;)"
2	"This is the best hotel I have stayed in! My husband and I got a great hotwire deal by selecting \""North Strip\"", \""5 Star hotel\"". The room is spacious, there is a huge beautiful mirror parallel to the closet and an awesome bathroom. There is a nice shower and a huge bathtub. The lemongrass moisturizer smells great and the goodies on the sink really came in handy. You have cotton balls, cotton pads, emery board, shine and buff for shoes, etc. Oh, I forgot to mention that everything is controlled by the push of a button on the nightstand. You can make the lights low, or high and control the shades. The front desk was accommodating when we needed a couple of extra ice buckets. This place is pretty swanky so bringing in the cooler made me uncomfortable. lol. I would definitely come back here again!!"
2	"What can I say?  Everything about this hotel screams nice.\n\n1) Does not smell like smoke.\n2) Don't cater to young kids or families (which is nice not to see young kids roaming around the casino floor.)\n3) Hotel staff have been pleasant and friendly.\n\nDownside: WHAT IS UP WITH THE $20 per night resort fee?  Most other hotels are screaming for business and either waive the fee or no longer charge that.  Find other ways to make more money than charging this per night.  They already get that back and then some when people gamble there.  \n\nWhen they offer free nights, in the fine print they don't tell you that does NOT include the $20/per night resort fee.  But other than that, definite hotel to enjoy gambling and eating."
2	"When Steve Wynn announced that he was going to build this hotel on the former Desert Inn property many years ago, I wondered how he was going to top the Bellagio, which was his signature hotel at that time.  Of course he created one of the most luxurious casino resorts that Vegas has ever seen....featuring:\n\n- A Ferrari dealership.\n\n- A luxurious poker room.\n\n- Spectacular rooms.\n\n- A 5 Star Golf Course.\n\n- Awesome restaurants, bars, and nightclubs.\n\n- High end gambling options.  This place is not for the low limit player.\n\nWhen my Wife and I want to treat ourselves to a nice evening, we come here.  Will I return?  You can count on it."
2	"We always enjoy staying at this hotel.  However I have to knock it down a point maybe a point and a half if we could do half points because our maid never replenished our toiletries with fresh new bottles of shampoo and shower gel.  Granted they were half full but I thought it was a bit tacky that they didn't give out new ones at least every other day if they were trying to save money.  Plus we like our room on the cooler side and EVERY time the maid came and left our thermostat would be reset to 72....very annoying.  A few years back while staying here we came back to our room while a supervisor was double checking the room after the maid worked on it.  The supervisor told us she did random checks on the quality of the rooms after the maid fixed it up.  Perhaps they need to step that up again cause it kinda left a little more to be desired this time around.  Still 4 stars cause over all the hotel is very nice, bright and decently ventilated."
2	"Wynn = Winnn\n\nSalon Suite was awesome, pricey, but Awesome!"
1	"Pointless for a person without money to go in there. If you are an economically disadvantaged person, then  this here is a vacant lot in Las Vegas. Rich people or fools who pose as them go in there. No strollers by Aileen explains a lot. The expensive buffet says a lot too."
1	"this is a beautiful casino, but unless you are dressed like you have thougsands of dollars to spend, don't expect any service or any room at the tables."
1	"This review is for my fellow moms and dads! Some of us are not a-holes like Mr. Wynn and have our children carried by nannies everywhere. We were roaming around Vegas with our 3 month old and decided to hit up the Wynn buffet. As soon as we get in, a man stops us and tells us that \""Mr. Wynn does not allow strollers because it is a safety hazard\"". Right.... and if everyone pushed around a Gucci stroller would it still be as dangerous? That's some BS baby discrimination, so we left! I think those with families should not support this place. You're an a-hole \""Mr. Wynn\""!!"
1	"Been playing and staying in Vegas for over 30 years now. Have not stayed at wynn but had a very negative experience in the casino. After losing some 500 bucks or so I sat down at the bar to play some video poker and enjoy a drink before leaving. The bartender brings me the drink and asks me for $15.  I said \""I'm playing this machine \"". He said it didn't matter and that their casino doesn't operate like all the others. I said \""really, is this anew rule because I was playing this same machine a few hours ago and the bartender was bringing me drinks like crazy\"". Got up and left after suggesting that he use the Bacardi and coke as a colonic solution.  Will never step foot in Wynn or encore again."
1	"Living proof that casinos own public officials - a 3 day banquet for 3,000 guests from all over the world, and the food is an 'open trough.' It was disgusting, to say the least. Shame on the executives at the Wynn for not providing a healthy atmosphere to dine. At the buffets, there are sneeze guards, enforced by the health department. But not required at banquets, so not provided. The executives at the Wynn have the experience to know better. \n\nSeeing people laugh, cough, sneeze, and simply talk over open containers of food was primitive. Shame on the Wynn. Only classy on the surface."
1	"Extremely pricey, rude security guards, super snotty casino dealers and staff.  Beautiful decor and nice rooms, but for sure not worth the price nor the stick in your butt attitude."
1	"Ya, I thought Wynn doesn't allow people to push baby stroller into \""the buffet\"".. I was wrong......We couldn't even step into \""the Wynn\"" with a stroller. The guy told us unless we live in there. That is totally a BS rule. I was controlling my temper and kept on telling myself there must be a reason ppl like Wynn....such as their buffet is so wonderful...and......I was wrong \""AGAIN\"". Their buffet food was nasty. the crab had smell. the lobster was not fresh, the meat was soft and disgusting. I'll never go back to that BS hotel."
2	"The hotel is pricey, depending on the day and month it can run anywhere between $200-$600/night. Despite the price, this hotel remains one of my favorite. The interior is so pretty and bright. The rooms are spacious and super clean and the pool is fabulous! The hotel is also conveniently located right across the street from the Fashion Show Mall."
1	"Horrible!!!\n\nMy keys won't work at 3 in the morning, we had to wait for security who were no where to be found for 30 minutes.   Front door told me to \""Jimmy\"" with the door.  That actually worked....    No 5 star hotel doors should be \""Jimmied\"",  period. \n\nTowels took 30 minutes as well!!!!  \n\nPalazzoo and THEhotel are both head and shoulders above the Wynn."
1	"$4000 worth of electronics and clothing were stolen from my room.  Hotel management (assistant manager Bryan Dillehay was my contact) and security was extremely unhelpful and incompetent, and denied my claim.\n\nThe icing on the cake:  Being charged $3 for a TOLL FREE call from my room, because my cell phone was stolen."
1	"Hubby and I make a trek to Vegas every summer to reconnect and just \""be\"", stayed at The Wynn in June 2010 for the first time.   STUNNING looks but lacking in service and security....check in took over an hour - we stood in 1 line and suddenly that line just closed leaving us and a few others ahead of us to go to the BACK of the line somewhere else. No explanation, nothing.  Just ridiculous.   The next day was our first visit to the pool.   Very nice,  but lots of unattended wild kids.   Yes it's a free country but these kids were just nuts, running all over the place, splashing right where we were sitting. Sorry, but if I had to hear screamimg kids yell \""MARCO...POLO\"" one more time I was going to lose it!  We eventually had enough and just left the pool.   On our way out I mentioned this to security (they have signs posted that children must be accompanied at all times).  The guy just shrugged and said they'd \""check into it\"" but he never left his seat.   Not to be bitchy but when I'm on vacay I don't want someone elses kids in my face constantly.   So we get back to our room and the security lock bar was turned to keep the door propped open so we were a little freaked but went inside and nothing appeared to be taken.  I honeslty think after reading reviews on this site at a few places about theft issues of peoples rooms bring broken into that the housekeeping did this to allow somene else to come in and rob our room but we came back from the pool too soon (guess I SHOULD thank those unruly kids for that one).... we immediately called down to security who came up to our room and because nothing was taken that we could see, was indifferent and acted as it it was no big deal.  He said he thinks housekeeping must have accidentally did that (seriously????) Why would security even do that, cmon'....   I called down to the front desk and explained what happened and asked to speak to the manager and was put on \""perma-hold\"" so eventually hung up,  I did eventually make contact with a manager (Tim I think) who was pretty indifferent about it as well. When something like that happens it sort of ruins your thoughts about a place regardless of anything else that may have been good.   Will we return there? Doubtful, we're headed back to Vegas in May 2011 and am staying at The Palazzo....."
2	"We don't go to Vegas much, but the last time we did we stayed at the Wynn.  It was AWESOME!!  From the moment we walked up to the front door we were treated like VIP's.  From the doorman, to the girl at the front counter, everyone that works there knows what customer service means.\n\nWe paid a little more to get a room near the top and it was worth it.  The room was great.  Very nicely decorated and the bed was soooooo comfortable.  \n\nI'm not a kid person, so I really liked that they have an adult's only pool.\n\nAbout the only bad thing about the place was that you can hear the music from the dance club that is on the other side of the pool at night.  That club must be hella loud because we were near the top of the hotel and I could still hear the pulse of the bass.\n\nThe Wynn is a great hotel with a great staff.  We will definitely stay there again if we go back to Vegas."
2	"If there is one thing the Wynn exudes, it's glamour. High-end designer shops abound that will make the average Joe feel poor, such as the Hermes shop I browsed while I was waiting for the rest of the family. This casino is very clean with an expensive feel all over that extends even to the bathrooms! \n\nThe bathrooms caught me in shock by how impeccably clean and classy \nthey looked! It was like I was in a palace!\n\nWe came here to see the Sinatra show, so I got to experience the theater. It's quite small, but I only have the Pantages in LA to compare it too. But I didn't experience any comfort issues so I have nothing to complain about.\n\nThere's also a Ferrari/Maserati dealership here to contribute to the high-end atmosphere, and a Ferrari store that sells many unbelievably overpriced goodies. I guess these stores only exist at places like the Beverly Center and London's Regent Street (the other two I've been to) for a reason...\n\nI enjoyed my experience here  - I even won some money! But be prepared to part with your money if you choose to do so here."
2	"High five and low ten to the Wynn empire. These ballers know how to roll. The decor is a little oddball, but I guess that's the style there were going for. Oddball or not, everything feels glamorous and expensive. The room I stayed in was on the 57 floor; in the corner; AWESOME! So comfortable and roomy, I wish i could live there (or go back this weekend!). XS is by far my favorite club -the crowd is hip and the DJ is bumpin! \nService is great, staff are friendly. There is really no where I can complain about anything. I drank like a fish and didn't even get a hangover; and I thank the Wynn for that little extra bit of magic. \nWorth mentioning, the water pressure is so amazing. It wasn't very water-wise, but I took showers just to be blasted in the most heavenly spray from shower heaver. Now that I have experienced it, I will definitely stay here every time I come to Vegas. It is pricey, but worth every shiny penny for memories that you don't remember having!"
1	"You're kidding, right?  You can't control the music in the nightclub and even though we are on the 24th floor and can feel our bed bouncing to the rhythm of the bass that's not your problem?\n\nMultiple employees told me you have to deal with this constantly and management won't pay attention to the complaints. I have a suggestion to get it fixed....how about Mr. Wynn and his wife stay a night in one of your \""non-quiet rooms\"" ( your term, not Mine) on a night when the club is going. I'll give you 2:1 the problem gets resolved the next day. \n\nWhat a joke....never again."
2	"Very simply put, this is what Bellagio used to be. Very clean and excellent service. Prices are sky high but that kind of keeps the riffraff out. Break out the platinum card and throw caution to the wind and enjoy yourself. Good on you Mr. Wynn"
2	"Fantastic hotel with an Incredible lobby. Beautiful large upmarket rooms with remote controlled drapes which open to reveal beautiful floor to ceiling views. A large 46\"" HDTV swung in front of the bed. High end linen and a huge king sized bed. The bathroom was spacious with a television and marbled floors. Various shopping, restaurants and gorgeous pool. \n\nWe ate at the pool restaurant. The views of course were excellent. The food and service were good. A nice place to enjoy a relaxing lunch.\n\nI was there for a conference. I called valet in the morning and by the time I walked to the lobby, my vehicle was there. After the conference the valet would park my car. Great hotel for business and pleasure. \n\nOf course I got the business and my wife got the pleasure! She spent the days resting in bed, reading by the pool or lunching at the restaurant. Something wrong there.\n\nI got three days at this hotel for $99/day and a $100 credit to use at the hotel. Can't beat that.\n\nExc - Rooms, service, lobby, pool, valet.\nGood - None.\nAve - None.\nPoor -  None.\n\nWOULD I GO BACK? ABSOLUTELY!"
2	"This is one of my favorite hotels in the world and it's certainly the best one in Las Vegas.  If you can afford to do so I'm not sure why you would want to stay anywhere else on the the Strip.\n\nThe first thing that sets the Wynn apart from any other hotel in the area is the style.  The moment you walk into the resort you feel a distinct sense of place.  You will never completely forget that you are in Las Vegas but I do think Wynn was successful in designing something that feels truly unique and personal compared to so many of the other places in Vegas that are big exercises in brand-y fantasy fulfillment (even the pretty cool new Cosmopolitan hotel is clearly just a Vegas-attempt to create a boutique-on-steroids!)  \n\nTo maintain that distinction here, the design of the hotel goes to great lengths to obfuscate your view of Las Vegas.  Many of the restaurants and bars look out on trees, waterfalls and pools instead of the neon glow of the Strip, which definitely helps to maintain the overall style and feel of the place.  You almost feel like you're in a luxury resort perched somewhere in North Carolina instead of Nevada.  Don't worry, for those of you who came to Las Vegas to experience the city itself, all of the Strip-facing rooms have some of the best views of the place possible.\n\nBeyond gambling there are a bunch of good places to eat (most require separate reviews) and drink.  I've been to Tryst and while it's not really my kind of vibe I can definitely recommend the place to the average, classy-ish young/middle-aged person who wants to spend a fair bit of cash to hook up with someone.  I loved the SW Steakhouse, the now-defunct Boulud restaurant and even the little coffee shop near the end of the shops.  About the only thing I wouldn't recommend is Alex but I want to eat there one more time before writing up a review.\n\nSo yeah, the Wynn is great and I recommend it above all other hotels in the Las Vegas area."
2	"Let me start by making you jealous.  We received an offer for a 3 night stay, buffet for 2 and 2 tix to La Reve for $349.  Yes, all of that for so little.  Basically what you would call a steal of a deal.  Steve Wynn must have been feeling REALLY generous.  He must be having pity of the \""little\"" people such as ourselves.\n\nNow on to my review and I will not be redundant. What a resort!  You do not have to ever leave it because everything you need is on premises.  The room was awesome with a spectacular view on the 37th floor, room 3749 to be exact.  It was a King Deluxe and my fav features were the tub for 2 with waterfall filler, separate toilet (which is good when you live with a man).  The furnishings were quality down to the note paper stock.  The service was great, with friendly, courteous staff.  The atmosphere despite it's elegance was comfortable and not too snooty.\n\nMy not so fav features were the loud booming music waves from the clubs at 4am but that was easily solved with earplugs.  Other not so fav thing was that you have 60 seconds to pick-up a stocked food item before you are charged.  Really?!  I mean, really?!  I felt like a kid being watched by mom as she warned, \""Don't touch a thing, you hear!\""\n\nThe buffet, oh, the buffet.  It was our first buffet on this trip and after going to the Rio, Paris and Planet Hollywood buffets we realized we were spoiled and didn't appreciate it's quality.  As crab lovers, we were disappointed that they only had snow crab and not king as I had read on reviews.  To top it off, some were very salty with an occasional one here and there that was just right.  The peeled, fresh shrimp were perfectly cooked.  Our favorite by far, was a trout Roulette on a crostini which was so flavorful and literally is making my mouth water as I type this.  All the food was fresh and presented nicely.  For free, the price was right but we both agreed that we will visit it again and it's worth the 40 bucks. \n\nWithout a doubt, if we get another deal we will make the Wynn our home.  It was a great experience!"
2	"I loved our room- two flat screen TVs, floor to ceiling windows & an amazing view of the strip!!!!  The bed was wonderful.  Our room was large, complete with a two peson dining area, sitting area, working space & a king size bed & room to walk around.  The bathroom was wonderful with a deep soaking tub.  The lemongrass shampoo and bath gel smelled divine.  \n\nGreat rooms, great view, great service, excellent food- banquet facillities were nice-casino did not smell of smoke-I won at craps so this place was perfect all around...we were here for a 3 day business meeting so we had use of the banquet, meeting room facilities in addition to all the other wonderful public areas of this hotel.   I would pay to stay here on my own dime...loved it!!!"
1	"My wife and I just returned from a 2 night 3 day trip to Vegas and we stayed at the Wynn.  We loved our room...spacious, comfortable, large window overlooking the golf course..and we generally liked the hotel for its natural light, restaurants and the Water Light show BUT Friday night the NOISE from the night clubs (Wynn has one and Encore has one) kept us up until 4 AM!  The bass was so loud our room was pounding and we were on the 35th floor!  Complaints to the staff were met with I am sorry but nothing we can do about it.  They said guests were complaining all the way up to the 50th floor (there are only 60 floors).  I cannot recommend this hotel on weekends if you want to sleep.  How could you design a resort with such a noise problem?"
2	"i gotz drunk and crunked next to some fat chick..."
2	"Best hotel in Vegas.  Clean and quiet rooms, lots to do in the hotel, and amazing restaurants.  So much more upscale than most of the hotels on the strip and it has lots of natural light.  Many of the casinos/hotels in Vegas are dark, dingy, and smokey.  But the Wynn has a light and airy feel - I love it!"
2	"Beautiful hotel with great service and lots of nice amenities.\n\nI got a great rate to stay here through the Red Card program, and so booked a double bed room at the Wynn.  I called and let them know that we would be arriving early (at around 9:30). I knew check in wasn't until about 3pm, but I figured it can't hurt to give the hotel a heads up in case something opens up.\n\nWell, after our (very early) flight in, we arrived at the hotel at 10.  When checking in, we were told that they did have a room available for us (but on a lower floor). Lower floor, who cares? Just means we dont have to stay in the elevator as long!  BIG PLUS!\n\nWe immediately changed into our swimsuits and headed out to the pool.  The Wynn pool has two sections, the regular pool and another 21+ pool.  I was really glad to see that the 21+ pool wasn't a \""pool club\"". Yes, those can be fun and all, but my gfs and I wanted a chill place to hang out, preferably without kids running around and screaming.\n\nThe service in the pool area was a bit slow (it took the server 15 minutes to tell me that the sandwich I ordered is no longer offered because she had given me an old version of their menu), and this was when the rest of the food had come out. It then took another 20 for me to get my (pre-made) sandwich. At least the turkey sandwich I got was good and very filling. Also, you MUST TRY THE WHITE SANGRIA. It was probably the best white sangria I've ever had.  Super delicious. \n\nGoing back to the hotel itself, I absolutely love the modern yet whimsical decor of the hotel. I love how the lobby is nice and bright, giving it a nice, almost airy feel that you won't realy find in other casinos. In addition, the rooms are also very well light due to the wall of windows.  You have great perks such as a television in the bathroom (fun to watch while getting ready), to an iHome by the beds (great to charge your iphone if you forget your charger... like me).  Housekeeping comes by quickly when you call down, and the concierge will print out your boarding passes for you if needed.\n\nJust because a hotel is beautiful doesn't mean that the service will be up to par, and I'm so glad that the Wynn provided the excellent customer service that I wanted.  I have a feeling this will probably be my \""home\"" resort whenever I am in Vegas."
1	"No fans or air conditioning in bathrooms.  You will sweat like a pig!"
2	"keeping this sweet and short. 5 Words...\nAMAZING\nFANCY\nELEGANT\nPOSH\nLIVELY\n\nDefinitely on my top 5 Hotels to stay at in Vegas."
1	"Everything designed for you... okay, perhaps.\nCommon areas = 5 stars.\nShops = 5 stars.\n\nAsk for a room with requirements (away from elevator, away from ice machine), and I had to wait 3 hours to get the keys; they said they would call me in an hour or so, I called three times every hour. Yes, and this was well past the checkout time.\n\nAlso, what's the deal with the TVs? You have to share ONETV between the couch and the bed, ok you can turn it, but really???\n\nWhen I was there, I got to compare with the Palazzo. I got a much bigger room at the Palazzo, a separate living room, a gigantic couch, 2 TVs that I didn't have to handle and turn. It wasn't white leather, but it was quite nice too. And I got my keys as soon as I got there! Oh and shower have extra pressure jets over at the Palazzo, whereas there is one in the room I got.\n\nCheckin Service = 1 star.\ncustomer experience matters; a lot."
2	"Such a beautiful hotel & the fact that they're connected to Encore makes it super easy for you to get your clubbin' on! The view of their golf course is absolutely amazing. A huge patch of green in the middle of the dessert."
2	"We stayed here last Christmas break and it was just the most luxurious place we've stayed!  The suite had an entire sitting area with an absolutely gorgeous view.  The bedding was so soft and comfortable... I don't remember how many thread counts but must be in the thousands! We had a great deal from the hotel that came with complimentary tickets to their show \""Le Reve\"", which was a very fascinating circus on water experience. If we get a similar deal, we'd go again!"
1	"I had a really terrible experience here back in March of 2011, and I wanted to give myself sufficient time to cool off before writing about it.  I think 4 months should be enough.\n\nDuring that trip, my friends and I decided to go to XS, a club in the casino.  While waiting in line, some drunken idiot behind me started a fight with me.  After fists (and a headbutt) were thrown, security moved in promptly and hauled us to their offices.  According to the supervisor, after speaking with everyone involved, he'd made a decision permanently to ban both individuals in the fight from the Wynn and Encore.\n\nThis seemed strange, since I'm sure a review of the security tape would corroborate my story that I didn't even speak to the drunk guy before he started behaving like a moron.  Clearly he was just some loser who'd decided he was going to start some sh!t with the nearest person, who happened to be me.  However, I wasn't about to grovel since  there were plenty of casinos in Vegas happy to take my money.\n\nI was escorted out by a few of the security guards who'd helped to clean up the mess, and one of them told me that he'd have done the same thing I did.  He also suggested I should call back and try to explain the situation to a different supervisor to be allowed back in.  While I appreciated the thought, I'd already concluded that since the Wynn had no interest in keeping me as a customer, I had no interest in going back there either.\n\nAnyway, I'm sure this review contains details probably irrelevant for most customers of the Wynn, so I'll stop here.  If you visit, stay out of trouble kids!"
1	"They will pump your ears with the crappiest music in all common areas including the pool at all corners. A true lack of class."
1	"I came in to stay the weekend with a group of friends at The Wynn, we had three rooms. First problem we had on check in we had booked together but got there to be told we were each being put on a different floor. Ouch not the start we had hoped for. \n\nWe started the next day off in the pool area, we rented one of the circle pads in the water. We had a blast and the staff and pool were great. This was the highlight of our stay. Got to play some blackjack outside and that was very cool. After pool decided to gamble inside before we went out clubbing that night. I did OK but the dealers to me were very lacking, not fun or helpful, the other 4 places we gambled later that night were much better. The pit just had no energy, blah. \n\nThe next morning we had the breakfast buffet for $19.99, I felt the food and service were good. \n\nThat day ate lunch in the Cafe having an excellent hot dog and latte, felt it was better value than the lunch buffet. \n\nAt night our AC was not working or was fixed to not go too cold, we could not get it below 74 that night, ouch what a bummer. That morning my other friends in the other two rooms complained the same thing. It was my thinking they had them fixed at that temp because it did the same thing our last night too. \n\nOn the last night one of our friends went home early and the other person from his room was going to join us for the night in our room, so 3 (big guys) of us sleeping there. We had two doubles in our room and called the front desk to bring up a pull out bed for us and we were promptly told no can do, only king sized bed rooms are allowed an extra bed, wtf. We were tired and didn't really want to get into it with the staff so we just hung up pissed when they refused to work with us. \n\nOverall Its a nice hotel with a lot going for it but the management/staff was not up to par at all and the whole AC thing was a major drag. Chances of me staying here again are slim, way too many better Hotels in Vegas."
2	"Situated at the other end of the strip, the Wynn is clean and classy. \n\nThe casino floor is spacious. The cocktail waitresses at the casino was prompt. Tip them per drink!\n\nTo the Slot Sluts out there: I hear that you have a higher chance of winning in the slots here than anywhere else on the strip.\n\nI'd definitely stay here!"
2	"i had a awesome time . the roon was great"
1	"Had a fabulous, spectacular time with close friends, new friends...great venue over all however the worst decision i've made that night(besides planking in odd public places).arriving at xs night club for a social gathering of some sort... Long story short I valeted my whip (motor vehicle) at the Wynn for xs night club, ended up cabbing it to my hotel (cosmo)room and i figured i pick up my car that same morning...these A-holes put a door ding on my car, what really made me furious was that I know the knuckle head jumped a curb an found a nick on my rim and my strut is screwed(fqqd)!!!dissapointment! I think the guy was maybe trying to ghost ride the wip! Seriously trip back home was delayed and staying a extra night. I guess all we can do is enjoy the situation and make the best of it... Horrible valet experience!"
2	"I only gambled at the Wynn, so my reviewed isn't really for their rooms or dining options.  This was probably my favorite casino to play at during my trip, as the place wasn't overly crowded and they had the friendliest dealers.  They even taught me how to play craps and now I'm hooked!"
2	"Our group came here to eat at the Buffet and it did not disappoint.  We waited about an hour and a half, but by the time we got seated we paid for brunch, but they started to bring out dinner items.  Wide selection, nice ambiance and a decent price for a Las Vegas Buffet.  Service was good and food was fresh.  Don't miss the dessert section."
1	"Overall the place was OK.  But just ok.  Going to Vegas I wanted dazzle and sparkle and instead got my grandma's casino.  I detracted stars for the overwhelming cigarette smoke that was a constant around the casino (others don't seem to smell...), the decor - very dated even though it is new, and the service -- while I understand the place has a gazzillion people check out on sunday's that is no reason to treat people like cattle.  The goods: the rooms are huge and beautiful and the cabana's were well worth it.  I will go back to Vegas but will check out a new hotel for the next go-round."
1	"This review is based solely on hotel stay.\n\nDear Wynn, \n\nYou suck. \n\nI'm not gonna lie, I wanted to stay here since it opened (always loved the design of this casino) but the Trump had always been more inviting plus it's a little ways off the strip. I cannot believe I spent ANY money at the Wynn instead of Trump.\n\n It's done; never again will the Wynn get a penny of my business.....\n\nYour staff:  ignorant, stupid (sorry to be so harsh but really, the people I dealt with? Girl, please!) Unhelpful, disrespectful, you get the point.\n\nCheck-in at 4pm when I request an 11am check-in (which I understand you refused to accommodate)? Yeah, um........NO.  4pm though, Really? EVERYONE can agree this* is just ridiculous.\n \nRequested a medical fridge? Yeah, uhhh..... NO again. Thanks for trying to add that to the bill at check-out. Seriously, how pathetic.\n\nCharge for getting another room card? Again, I must stress.....NO!\n\nThis was by far the weirdest most illogical, unprofessional, inappropriate hotel reservation/stay I've ever encountered. I usually stay in Vegas a min of twice a year. I have suggested to everyone I know to take their money and class elsewhere. It's wasted on a dump like the Wynn.\n\nAlso, don't do what I foolishly did; don't think for one second these rooms are anything above Circus Circus Standard. The luxury stops at the casino floor and it Stays there.\n\nZERO STARS FOR WYNN - TAKE YOUR CLASS TO TRUMP!"
2	"Gorgeous!  Love it!  Will return!\n\nHad an amazingly romantic time with my bf.  Room was top quality, service was excellent, and the property is so luxurious.  I didn't get a chance to do the spa thing like I normally would ( I was *ahem* busy!) but I plan to return soon to check out more that the property has to offer.\n\nThe only thing I didn't like.....no video black jack at the bar!  That's the one thing I like to do, gambling-wise.  If this is not important to you, then you will think it deserves 5 stars!"
2	"Very nice and elegant. I went to gamble here and had an awesome experience!"
2	"Pretty interior and ladies carrying drinks around. I like how the servers ask  every person if they wanted something to drink at the table. I didn't experience the ladies asking us often in the other hotels. They have a ferrari store on the casino level that is worth looking at from afar...Overall, a great experience at the hotel, except for the fact that we took over half an hour to find the car..."
1	"Excellent rooms, polite staff. I was there for a convention and the food for breakfast and lunch were sub par. In addition, just my personal opinion, but I think the ethics they have regarding over serving people at the tables is in question. I was playing a few hands of black jack with some co-workers, and there was an acquaintance at our table that was almost falling over. He actually spilled a full glass of red wine on the table, and they kept serving him. I found out about an hour later that he lost over $20,000 at the table. He should have been cut off from drinking and gambling. \n\nThe Wynn is what one can expect of an upper scale resort / casino as far as rooms, image, and service. I guess anywhere anyone goes to drink and gamble should have some individual self control, but as an upscale business they should know where to draw the line."
2	"Great Ferrari dealer, I bought a new California from Tony off the showroom and I cannot wait until the new 458 convertible arrives.   If it was not for the Ferrari dealer I would rate it three at best, restaurants tend to be very overpriced there.  Also drinks insanely overpriced."
1	"Do not even stay here. The worst treatment I have ever received. Unbelievable! The spa is terrible as is everything else. Honestly, the Wynn came highly recommended and it was the worst experience in a hotel ever. 10% of the people were nice and the other 90% were absolutely horrible and disgraceful. It does not even deserve 1 star."
1	"My expereince started off with my business account receiving 11,000 emails in a 5 day span due to my auto generated response triggering their system to respond back. I literally had to close my online business for 5 days!!!! I lost out on almost a weeks worth of pay and all they did was give me a $100 food comp. I left all that behind to check into out room and was VERY excited to be celebrating my friends graduation. I had a bottle of champaign and strawberries to be delivered to the room upon check in, and was VERY specific to the concierge to ONLY contact me because it was a supprise. Well the first thing said to her upon check in was \""there is something in the room waiting for you\"". I still didnt say anything because she figured it was from the assistant (to whom I will be descreet for her sake) of the man who booked us our room. So we arrived to our room and it was empty. So still no biggie I gave it a hour and snuck out for ice to find a house phone in which I was told that I would have to call back because they couldnt find my order. I firmly said I would not call back nor did I want anyone calling me because it was a suprise, and that I would just kill more time in the room untill it arived. The doorbell rang and it was a gift bag with the champaign (not chilled) and no strawberries or card. I sent it away and asked that it come back correct, and once again stalled. At this point were at 2 hours in our room. Then the phone rings and my friend answers. It is the conceirge asking her about the strawberries..... SUPRISE RUINED!!!!! I specifically stated MANY times ITS A SUPRISE!!! So the doorbell once again rings and its the strawberries with no chanpaign..... now im crying the suprise is ruined, and the Wynn did less than nothing to make all of this right. I also came home to another 3465 emails from them. It has been a week and still no call from the Director of customer service that I was promised. We checked into the Cosmo the very next night and were treated like royalty, and from now on thats where all of my friends and family will stay..... 4 1/2 stars ya right!!!"
2	"Looking for Ultimate luxury and class in Sin City?  Look no further!  Wynn, and its sister hotel, Encore, are two of the most beautiful hotels on the Strip.\n\nIn comparison to the other hotels on the Strip, the Wynn's deluxe rooms (the most basic of their accommodations) are a bit on the smaller end.  If you opt for any of the suites, you will have more space but it's still lacking a bit of lustre.  For the amount you're paying, you would expect nicer finishes and decor.. wouldn't you?  Ultimately, you are paying for the view and the location.\n\nThe Wynn is also home to one of the hottest nightclubs on the Strip - Tryst.  Expect long lines and the usual guy:girl ratio is quite strict.  However, it is usually a lot easier to get into Tryst than it is to get into XS (Encore's club).  Both have very a very similar layout - partial indoor, partial outdoor; the decors are quite similar too.  Only main difference is Tryst has a huge waterfall, but it's a bit smaller in space, and XS has a huge pool.\n\nThe Buffet - in my opinion, the best buffet on the Strip - is also here!  You cannot go wrong with prime rib, Alaskan king crab legs, and creme brulee!\n\nA weekend in Vegas can be quite pricey - so if you are looking for a pool party but don't want to pay $50 a head, the Wynn also has a huge pool area.  One side is family friendly, but once you pass the point of no return, European style sunbathing is welcomed ;)\n\nAll in all, I would definitely recommend checking this place out!"
2	"My favorite Vegas hotel for these reasons:\nService: We had a slight problem with our reservation but they were very patient. \nRooms: very contemporary, clean,  spacious bathrooms and great views! The beds are extremely comfortable...\nRestaurants: Tableau. Buffet. You'd never have to leave this place. \nPools: VIP Tower pool...euro party pools...cabanas...so many choices! Also, Encore beach club is next door.\nShopping: If I had a few thousand to spend, this is the place to come.\nClubs: Tryst & XS are my favorite clubs :)"
1	"I stayed at the Wynn in April, and was upgraded from a Tower Room to an Executive Suite courtesy of AMEX Platinum--very nice!  However, my sister ordered a bouquet of flowers through the Wynn Concierge, and I received a bouquet of wilted flowers--not very nice.  When I stopped by the concierge to express my disappointment with the quality of flowers, the concierge responded that my sister must have brought the flowers to the room herself--neat trick since she was sitting in NYC.  Finally, the concierge agreed to have someone check on it.  When I returned to the room at the end of the day, there was a new floral arrangement, and the wilted flowers remained.\n\nThe following week I received an on-line survey from the Wynn, and I expressed my disappointment about the flowers and the rude treatment by the concierge.  I received an apology via email in addition to a promise of a one level upgrade on my next visit to the Wynn.\n\nYesterday, my AMEX Platinum travel agent tried to book a return stay at the Wynn trying to use my email promise by the Wynn of an upgrade.  At first the Wynn denied any knowledge of this email.  Finally (after 15 minutes--my travel agent called me back), all the Wynn would do is upgrade me from their cheapest room to their second cheapest room (not the Tower Room to be upgraded to the Executive Suite as I had wanted).  I told my travel agent to tell the Wynn that I was again very disappointed by their service, and that I'll be making a reservation to stay at the Bellagio when I return to Las Vegas."
2	"I don't usually review Strip Hotels but I'll make an exception this time.\n \nMr. Wynn knows how to do things right. First came the Wynn Las Vegas then Encore. These two properties are the top cream of the crop. Beautifully designed with all the amenities and satisfying service you could only expect from anything Steve Wynn builds.\n\nEverything is just better at the Wynn/Encore. The pools, Nightclubs, the gambling action, cool vibe and crowd is as good as it will get for us sinners. I'm taking the liberty to mention that you will have the best Vegas sex in here! Yes you heard that right, someone had to say it. Guys, you know what I'm talking about. Oh by morning, you'll wake up refresh, ready to do Vegas again or hungover and sleeping most of the day haha but don't worry, you're crashing in one of the nicest beds in the world!\n\nI've stayed all over the Strip and I rank the Wynn as my personal best. 5+ stars"
2	"Now  a little more than two years old, the Wynn still has \""It\"".  \n\nThere is not too much that I could say that hasn't been said by the other 485 reviews, except to share my experience: \n\nSteve Wynn has the experience of building so much of modern day Vegas.  I just stayed at Bellagio last month and with the Wynn/Encore, he has truly built the best hotel.  The difference between Bellagio and W/E is that they are now \""corporate-owned\"" whereas Steve gets to do whatever he wants or needs to do.\n\nThe rooms are opulent.  I should warn you that I think the front desk plays an upgrade game where they tell you that your room is not ready and then they try to upsell you to be a bigger room.  I witnessed this on either side of me when I was checking in.  They had a problem with my reservation and I was offered an \""upgrade\"" for free.  Comparing rooms with my coworkers, I could not see any difference.  Hrmmm\n\nThe food is all over-the-top good.  There are NO inexpensive restaurants in the hotel.  Expect to eat like a king everywhere and pay a fortune for it.  I ate at Lakeside and can wholely recommend it, if only for the experience of seeing a  strange animatronic show.  Steve Wynn certainly has a sense of humor having a giant, black-lit frog sing \""It's a Wonderful World\""\n\nThe convention services are phenominal.  Not a blip of trouble and everyone was super nice and responsive.  Catered lunches were almost as good as the restaurant food - definitely a departure from your normal troughs of food at trade shows. \n\nThe clubs - XS and Surrender - oh if the walls could only talk.  I am beyond the \""clubbing\"" age, but it was definitely a treat to see how/where the rich, young, rich, beautiful, rich people party.\n\nI am not sure who/how the $20/day resort fee works.  I thought I signed something agreeing to it when I checked in.  But then when I went to use the fitness center - they told me I didn't sign up for it.  And then they wanted $15 for each day of using the center.  \n\nYes, the blackjack tables START at $25 per hand - ON A TUESDAY NIGHT!  There were no shortage of people playing/losing at the $100 table.  I guess it goes with the rest of the place.  \n\nOn the flip side, I only paid $159/night with my convention rate, but Steve made up for the [cheap] room rate with everything else.   However, it was all worth it."
2	"Such a beautiful hotel.  I don't remember where I heard this, but supposedly Steve Wynn designed this hotel with his wife in mind.  It definitely has a feminine look to it, from the gorgeous carpet to the wall sconces.  Every square inch of this hotel was well thought out.  Every little detail just falls into place in this beautiful hotel.\n\nYes, the room rates are on the higher end of Vegas hotels, but if you're young with money to spend, it's well worth it.  The nightlife has been popping since the day they opened, beach parties are still always at capacity, and you can't go wrong with any of the dining options.  Speaking of dining options, best buffet in all of Vegas.  Not the most options in comparison to other buffets on the strip, but options aren't the highlight, the quality is.\n\nWell worth a visit, even if you're not staying here.  Lots of photo ops and cute things to make you smile =]"
2	"Great and Beautiful Hotel. Colorful and glittery. Have a drink before you go to any show if you want to keep yourself amused. Go Shop and to the salon. Everything you want is at your fingertips. The food is amazing ! I like the bathrooms big roomy bathtubs. It was like a spa of my own. I got the body creams and bath gel at the shop in the lobby, and they run about $40 to $100 per bottle for some types, but the aroma of those are very addicting.  \nCan't wait to go back !"
1	"It's not the hotel, it's just that this is the last time I was with the G/F and after we came back it was over. So my taste buds for the Wynn are poisoned. I hate everything about the WYNN. Sorry Steve but I'll be staying at the Standard or The Hotel next week."
2	"This is the best hotel I've ever stayed at...\n\nOver the last few years, I have averaged over 150 nights per year in hotels, and The Wynn is at the top of the list.  It blows away just about every hotel I've been to.  Just for comparison, here is a list of some of the nicest hotels I've stayed at:  The Beverly Hilton, The Palazzo, The Cosmopolitan, Aria, Four Seasons, suites at the W Austin and W Dallas, Hotel Adolphus, Magnolia, etc.  The Wynn is much better than all of these...\n\nThere are many reviewers who have done an excellent job with explaining why The Wynn is amazing, so I'll keep it short:   \n\nBest features: \n- Elegant rooms with incredibly comfortable beds\n- Large HD TV with just about every channel available in HD\n- The best bathroom out of any hotel I've ever seen...fully equipped with a TV, the best bathroom products (they even offer free shoe polish), and the highest quality toilet paper...\n- Great service (front desk, room service, etc)\n\nNegatives: \n- The price - it's hard to get a room for below $200 a night.  On peak days, even a standard room is over $400.  At least internet is included with the $20 resort fee...\n\nOn top of having the greatest rooms, the Wynn property itself is my favorite.  I love the casino, the sports book, and the restaurants.  There are also a ton of shops.  Just be prepared to fork over a ton of cash, because everything is overpriced.  \n\nOverall, I highly recommend The Wynn to just about anyone, especially couples looking for the perfect getaway in Vegas.  Enjoy!"
2	"Most beautiful hotel I have ever stayed in.  Upgraded to a gorgeous suite! Service is friendly from check-in, check-out, concierge, bell hop and each person you may pass in the hall.   Free pressing?!  I felt so spoiled having someone pick up our clothes and bring them back pressed.  All the bathroom amenities were wonderful.  We couldn't stop playing with the controls for lights and curtains :).  Yeah, we don't get out enough!"
1	"The staff was very rude and impolite in the casino. My gf and I were sitting on a chair and they just came and impolitely requested that we leave the chair because they were going to get some money out of one of the machines. I complained to the manager and then to the casino manager. They said they were sorry but you could tell they couldnt care less. \nI would never go back again. Out of all the casino's I saw in Vegas, this was the only one that was disappointing to me. \nVery rude staff."
1	"Long lines in check in and check out. Slow and can not even find me easily and then give me crappy room even though was guaranteed a good room by client.  Windows dirty in room and next to roof and was noisy. Hard to get fresh air with cigarette smoke that is not well vented. Funny they did not even ask if I enjoyed my stay. Been there a dozen times but they had no clue. Internet WiFI was $20 for 40 minutes. Ripoff like Internet in rooms. Wow! Not good for five star hotel!"
2	"what a beautiful place.  I was here for a ballroom competition.  the service and ambiance were great but the food was terrible.  didn't matter where we went to eat it was terrible all through the resort.  so go for looks but not for eats"
2	"Design is wonderful, as are the rooms! Not as high tech as Aria, but still nice nevertheless. The hotel itself is bright with a gold-red theme, but restaurants are a bit lacking. Not that there aren't any, just that they are all extremely fancy, sit down types of restaurants minus perhaps one cafe. Expensive shops all around and my one complaint...$60 all you can eat DIM SUM? Um, just drive or take a taxi to Chinatown for 1/6 the price!"
2	"Of course 5 stars for this gorgeous property.  The view from our room was stunning.  Wish we wouldn't have even left the Wynn grounds.  Wynner!"
2	"I'm planning our next Vegas trip and hoping that my best friend will agree that we need to stay here. I'm excited to stay here, I'm excited to review about my stay and expect excellent things!\n\nBut until that day comes, I'm only here to review the casino.\n\nThe place is beautiful. Beautiful, I tell you! When I'm here I don't want to leave. I feel like I'm the Queen of the entire universe when I'm here. Everything is so nice and I feel amazingly important being able to partake in it (Eating here, using their furniture, watchin friends gamble, etc.)\n\nIts very cultured and I think you need to have an understanding of manners and class before you come here.\n\nI think every one who ever wondered about the Wynn should visit, you'll be happy you did!"
2	"The Wynn is located at the end of the strip, so you will probably want to drive since it can be a very long walk. However, you will find it's easy to get in and out of with your vehicle and there is ample parking. Service was impeccable; rooms were HUGE and tasteful; the views over the strip to the mountains were breathtaking and the whole place has an upscale vibe to it. The best part of staying at Wynn was that we were able to purchase tickets to two of the hottest clubs in town namely, Tyrst and XS Night life of long lines and expensive drinks is to be expected at a Vegas club.\n\nThe casino was classy and the drinks were served frequently.  You can go cheap and play the penny slots (my friend won 135 bucks off a max bet of $1.20) to the more expensive slots."
1	"Stayed here recently. The place nickel and dimes you a little too much. Fitness Center Usage, 15$ .really. It small and not even that nice. Machines aren't cybex either and no free weights. \n\nThe restaurants are good, but the actually hotel and services are lacking for certain. \n\nBetter off in the newer properties, Cosmo, etc. For the quality of the hotel and tough location, its not worth it to stay here."
1	"We recently stayed at the Wynn hotel and experienced theft. We inadvertently left our iPad in the nightstand drawer when we checked out and, upon arriving at the airport a short time later, called lost and found who indicated housekeeping had not checked it in yet. Our friends still at the hotel also attempted to retrieve it, but were told they too had to wait for housekeeping. Awaiting a return call, I also left a msg when we arrived home that evening, knowing time was of the essence. I followed up the next morning, as no one returned my call, and was told that nothing has been turned in. I was directed to Guest Claims to file a claim, which I did, and also a police report, yet they confirmed no one had checked into our room yet. Even though a \""thorough\"" investigation was to take place, I received a call the next day saying that they would be happy to provide an insurance letter because they simply could not \""accuse\"" anyone of impropriety and nothing was found, however the fact is that it didn't disappear into thin air. Each time I have called, they either had my name or check out date incorrect, which leads us to believe that they never had any intention of restoring our item to us.\nHonestly, I would have never expected this from the Wynn. While the facility was lovely, this behavior is unacceptable. I even left a message for Christopher Fox, the assistant manager 6 days ago to review the matter, but never received a call back. This lack of concern and frankly, dishonesty, is appalling. Judging from several other recent reviews, the theft is becoming an epidemic.\nIt's a shame that a supposed luxury resort would conduct itself this way, just awful. We went to great lengths to go on this trip with friends after a family tragedy and this only made it worse. Shame on you, Wynn."
2	"By word of mouth we were directed to the Wynn for the buffet a couple days ago and I can't stop thinking about the amazing variety, flavor, freshness and ultimate service we encountered. \nThis is the first buffet I have ever been to that used fresh ingredients to bring unique and full flavors without dumping onions and garlic in to compensate for lack of talent.  If I could, I would give this a 6 star all day\n,,,,,oh, and to add, I have tried many attempts here at home to try sushi but never could get it down, the sushi at the Wynn was my first and couldn't get enough,,,,we are back at home in Minnesota now and I can't imagine heading to another buffet here (sad as it is)."
1	"Front desk was not very helpful the person who took care of us. He wrote the wrong room number, so we try to go in someone else room. Not very good nothing was done to take care of the matter. So make sure you take to the manger."
1	"Had a mix up on the date of arrival and I payed for a night I wasn't there.  So in the line at reception \"" youll have to talk to someone else. I wasn't there to spend my time arguing about the date on my papers back home \""GUEST LOSES FIRST ROUND\"" . That night Im woken to the sound of banging and music 3 am .  wait 20 minutes call front desk \"" we'll send security to look but its probably the night club, they close in an hour though\"" BUT I\""M ON THE 38 floor!!!  So \""GUEST LOSES ROUND TWO\"" I waited till I had some time then asked to talk to the manager.  \""sorry theres no manager on duty \""  What MOTEL 6 kinda Answer is that?\""GUEST LOSES ROUND THREE\""  no manager calls me back . another desk person answers the request to speak to the manager. \""guest loses round Four...\""   and on it goes will I get anything for my 1,220 stay ? who knows The Bellagio has a bunch of loyal followers .  NO puke in the elevator for the eitire stay that I remember either.  BEWARE Not the classy joint its advertised to be in my experience!"
2	"Such a great hotel! EVERY single restaurant in the Wynn is remarkable. I am also intrigued by the fact that every restaurant has a vegeterian/gluten free menu. When I am staying a the Wynn I do not eat anywhere else. When I am forced to stay somewhere else I still only eat at the Wynn! The rooms are spacious and clean. Everyone employed (and I seriously mean everyone) by the Wynn that I have come into contact with is a class act.  They anticipate any need that you may have and deliver on it. Something weird to note: there are lots of channels to watch in the rooms, but my boyfriend and I have this unspoken ritual- we watch the Wynn channel at bedtime. The pictures are beautiful and Steve Wynn's voice is so soothing that it puts you right to sleep. Oddly enough we discovered on our last trip that we were not the only ones doing this!"
2	"This is probably one of the higher class casinos we visited. They have a shopping area and a firari exhibit. The boys saw the cars and the girls went window shopping (because I can't afford shit in those places!). We grabbed some gelatto in the Pizza place and sat outside and watched the man made waterfalls. The hotel is very nicely put together with clean and beautiful restrooms and the floor of the casino is nice too."
2	"The head wine buyer for the Wynn just called me in response this letter.  He said they do carry a few vegan wines, but perhaps the staff were not aware.  They are working on adding more and told me to contact him when we plan on revisiting so he can give us an up-to-date list on what vegan wines they have so we know what to order.  I am so impressed with the Wynn.  Truly amazing customer service and a beautiful hotel to boot!"
1	"My girlfriends and I stayed at the Wynn the weekend of March 30th, 2012 and left HORRIFIED after what happened on our last day there. The last morning of our trip, we ordered breakfast up to our room, which included a hot bowl of oatmeal. One of the girls put a spoonful of oatmeal into her mouth and spit it right out only to find a SHARP PIECE OF METAL in her oatmeal... Not aluminum foil but HARD, SHARP METAL the size of a nickel. We immediately took pictures and completed a claim with the hotel and spoke to the very rude hotel manager, Christopher Fox. He assured us that this was a very serious issue and that we would be compensated for everything. Well, the claims representative contacted us a few days later and told us that they would not assume any responsibility for the metal because it wasn't part of any of their equipment but rather came inside the oatmeal they order from the manufacturer. They ORDER the oatmeal from the company where they proceed to COOK it, PREPARE it, and SERVE it to customers. Are you trying to tell me that it isn't any of the Wynn's responsibility????? \n\nWe will be pursuing legal action against this hotel. One of the girls who was there to witness the metal is a reporter in Los Angeles and will be covering this problem for everyone to see and witness."
2	"Still a true 5 star resort!  Great amenities and luxury."
2	"Gorgeous. Breathtaking. Luxurious. Beautiful.\n\nThe Wynn is one of the best decorated hotels in Vegas. The interior design is immaculate and when you're there you just can't help but fall in love with your surroundings. Throughout the entire casino from the ceiling to the floor, it can only be described as flawless.\n\nNot only is it beautiful, but it's a hop, skip, and a jump away from Encore, The Palazzo & The Venetian, T.I., & Fashion Show Mall. Tryst, Wynn's popular nightclub is kind of small, but there is an amazing waterfall you can see when you're in the club. The Wynn is probably one of the more expensive hotels to stay at in Vegas, but if you aren't on a tight budget, you might as well bask in the life of luxury."
2	"OK..... One good thing about Vegas is you can stay at topnotch hotels for less!  Its bargain town when it comes to 5 star accommodations.  I've stayed at quite a few posh hotels, but the Wynn set the standard.\n\nSo, like a smart budgetnista I signed up for Wynn deals via email.  And BAM the deal of a lifetime came.  Well not so much of a lifetime, but you get my point.  I digress, so going to the Wynn you can't wait to check in.  Its a Status thing.  Here I am decked out at the check-in desk.  Normally I show up in a sundress and sandals.  Long story short we get our room key.\n\nThe Wynn has the most lively colors and fresh flower displays anywhere bar-none. The Elevator bouncer greeted us, checked our room key and said \""Have a pleasant stay Ms. Sanders\"".  I was feeling special.. Note: I never had to show my room key again, he remembered me AND my name.  Now that's service.\n\nEven the elevator was smooth.  Have you ever been on a janky elevator where you knew any moment the elevator was gonna plummet to the ground?  Well not here lol.\n\nThe Room was amazing.  59th floor, picture window, the most amazing bed.  Even better then the beds at the W.  For an hour I was in the bathroom trying to get ready.  Why you ask?  Because that damn TV had me distracted.  I couldn't leave... captivating programming in the tub!\n\nRoom service was.... expensive ($90 for breakfast), but when you are on vacation....vacation.  I got Watermelon Juice (my apologies to the black race).\n\nThe grounds, pool and restaurants were and are amazing.  There is no outrageous noise (which doesn't make gambling too fun).  But The Wynn showed me how I need to be treated.  Now if the Wynn could show me how to afford it!!!!!!"
2	"I was recently here to see Le Reve with some out-of-town friends. As they were staying at another hotel down the strip, after walking into another property, you realize how the Wynn really does have to offer.\n\nAn outstanding show, amazing nightclubs, award-winning restaurants, and you can't forget, simply a wonderful hotel to stroll into. Service is usually superb compared to the competition, immaculately clean, and just in a class really by itself. \n\nI'm sure like all places, there are a handful of bad reviews. But if you read a majority of them, and walk into this place, you'll know why Wynn do deserve the enormous praise they do receive, also. \n\nIf you can afford it, whether you're visiting or a local, stay here, eat here, just stroll around. It's worth it."
2	"This our hotel of choice. I've stayed here more times than I could count, and they do an outstanding job every time. This last stay here we were fortunate enough to get a corner panoramic view suite at the top of the Wynn. It was outstanding! If you get a chance book one of these rooms you won't be disappointed.\nSome of the main reasons we stay here are,the cleanliness of the resort,the beautiful european pools and the fine dining that Wynn has to offer. We've yet to check out the clubs but that definitely is on the list for next time!"
2	"gorgeous hotel with swanky rooms, good nightlife options, top notch restaurants, and THE BEST POOL ON THE STRIP! also a great buffet.\n\nthe wynn also has a distinctive smell as soon as you enter the hotel. if you want to bask in the life of the opulent, stay here. \n\nlove this place. will be returning."
2	"My GF had a business conference in Vegas at The Wynn. She got a wicked rate for airfare and 6 nights here through Allegiant Air.\n\nThe hotel is a luxury 5 star indeed. Staff was all super friendly and not pretentious.\n\nFilled with high end boutiques like Dior, Chanel, Alexander McQueen, Rolex, Louis Vuitton, Even a Ferrari dealership!\n\nEverything is bright and cheery, the attention to detail amazing, all the way to the stained glass butterfly mosaic tiles on the floor.\n\nThe girl who checked us in was nice & friendly. She gave us a room on the 39th floor since we were staying a week. We had to give a 200$ deposit on the credit card. This later was a 900$ deposit - we never quite understood why. Something to do with the Internet which made no sense.\n\nOur room was a deluxe resort double. Floor to ceiling windows overlooked the spectacular golf course and pools.\n\nThe bathroom was huge ! 2 sinks 2 mirrors, a large vanity and shelves under each sink left lots of room for our toiletries & products. Huge soaker tub and separate shower with room to sit down in it.\n\nThe room itself was bigger then my entire apartment ! 2 super comfy beds with lots of pillows and sheets with a very large thread count.\n\nEverything is on a control that sits on the bedside table. Buttons to open and close the heavy curtains that blocks out all light, as well as the shears.\n\nIt also controls the lighting, which has buttons for all off, all on, night lights, etc.\n\nThe air conditioning was also nice in that you could set it to the exact temperature you desired.\n\nThere was a large desk, with fax machine, and a few chairs.\n\nThe mini bar and snack bar was fully stocked, but came with a warning that 60 seconds of anything being removed would be charged to the room.\n\nThere was no coffee maker or fridge, but you can get one @25$ a day.\nA resort fee of 25$ a day was also in effect. This coverage WiFi for all devices, local and toll free calls.\n\nThe bellman delivered our bags very quickly and even got us ice,\nHousekeeping was immaculate, and would service the room whenever they were called.\n\nLots of towels, nice robes, and the toiletries provided were generous, however I didn't like the lemon grass scent.\n\nWe never ordered room service. The menu was vast, and looked really good, with lots of variety and options, but the prices were so high, unless you had an expense account be prepared to pay through the nose.\n\nThe rack rate listed for our room was $1500 a night. That's pretty crazy,\n\nThe casino was OK, played a bit of slots, won a few bucks. Was never offered a drink. The Encore casino was better by far.\n\nThey have a 24 hour cafe and drugstore. Both were pricey.\n\nThe pool was huge, and had lots of chairs, downside was it was only open until 6 week nights. Open until 7 on weekends. I was really hoping it would of been open until 11pm, but no such luck. The surrounding cabanas looked nice but pricey.\n\nBe prepared to show your room key in order to get access to the elevator or the pool area. They are quite strict about this.\n\nWe slept so good, between the comfy beds, and the blackout drapes, we never woke up until 7 pm the day after we arrived!\n\nThe lock on the door however was defective, we were locked once when we tried to leave. They had to send up security to let us out. Thankfully, they were prompt. We were told that they had called a locksmith, and that the security guard would stand by until they arrived.\n\nWe left, but the lock was still glitchy. We had to slam it more then once in order for it to lock.\n\nI had a small package sent to the hotel. It went to the business center. It was a $8 handling charge. While I waited, they let me use the Internet on a private computer, and gave me a bottle of water. They were super nice.\n\nAnother complaint was on our last night there, at 5am we were unable to sleep due to the people next door. They were super loud. We waited Until 530 am. Between the music and the loud voices, we had no choice other then to call the front desk. We were told they would send up security.\n\nOver 20 Min's past, I called again, they said security was en route. The noise level subsided a bit for maybe 5 Min's, then it was right back. We were getting pissed at this point.\nIt was after 6am!\n\nWe had to get up at 10am to pack, check out, and fly home. I called ( this now was the third time! ) They asked if we wanted to change rooms! As if we would pack and change rooms at this hour, only to check out? If anything, the other people should be made to change rooms - or check out.\n\nThey asked if we wanted security back up? Duh! Yes of course.\n\nAt this point I was exhausted. I finally fell asleep. Lucky we got a late check out. we asked for a bellman to assist with our bags. 20 Min's later, he still had not arrived. We had a shuttle booked for 1-115pm so we called to cancel the bellman as at this point, it was almost 1 pm. We were able to check out via the phone with a receipt emailed to my GF."
1	"More and more I realize 2 things: 1) Life is too short to have bad customer service and 2) Life is too short to suffer fools.  \n\nHere is the breakdown of the highs and lows:\n\nCheckout (1 star):  As I waited in line for an eternity, I noticed why it was taking people so long to check out.  It was like taking a time machine back to prehistoric times as they were filling out carbon copies of TPS forms and other things for mini-bars and room charge disputes.  Receipts took forever to be printed out and apparently someone was scrawling them on a stone tablet.  \n\nHere is the worst part, after waiting my turn in line, I finally got to the counter.  I asked the lady behind the desk if she would take a fedex pack (already prepaid) and just have it dropped off in a fed ex box.  She said this is not her job and I would have to walk across the entire casino to the business center to drop it off.  Mind you I was checking out so I had all my bags.  Seriously?  That is about as bad as it gets.  Apparently she forgot she is in a customer service industry *Sigh*.  Had I the time or the inclination I would have pointed out to her where she failed.  \n\nValet (5 star): On a positive note, I asked the valet if he could do this for me and he happily obliged so I gave him a nice tip.  \n\nPool (2 star):  Getting to the pool is a real hassle which requires multiple elevators and winding halls if you are going from your room to the pool.  Pool area is ok and I like the long stretch in the middle which allows you to get a little workout if you like.\n\nRoom (4 star):  Room is nice with a comfortable bed.  The TV takes forever to get to the regular channels.  The wifi worked ok but something about this hotel really screwed with my cell service.  \n\nOverall:  the lady at the check out pissed me off so bad that I left disappointed."
1	"I would so much have loved to have given Wynn a higher rating, but in all honesty I can't. I'm really not a prima donna when it comes to hotels, and Wynn is certainly beautiful, with excellent restaurants, a terrific spa, and lovely guest accomodations. Most of our experience with the facility and staff were very positive. However, as others have suggested here, Wynn struggles with customer service--which is surprising for a high-end Vegas hotel in a competitive environment.\n\nHere's what happened, as I recounted to Wynn's guest relations in an email immediately following our return from staying there:\n\n\""One thing marred an otherwise excellent weekend, and sort of\nsoured my Wynn Las Vegas experience overall. While most of\nyour staff were friendly and courteous, we encountered a\nsecurity guard at the entrace to the pool outside the\nTerrace Pointe Cafe who was remarkably rude and unpleasant.\nWe were exploring the property on Saturday mid-afternoon,\nand took the elevator marked simply \""Pool and Spa\"" (I'd\ntaken the same elevator up to the Spa earlier that day) to\nthe pool. The guard in the tent near the entrance asked to\nsee our room keys, which we showed him. He informed us that\nour Red Cards (which are also room keys) were not room keys,\nand suggested that we were improperly \""trying to get in\nhere\"" and should leave. We told him that our cards were in\nfact room keys, that we'd been using them to open our room\nsince Friday, but he kept saying, in louder tones, that they\nere not room keys. Seeing no point in further discussion, we went\nback inside.\n\n\""We later learned, at the registration desk, that that pool\narea is reserved for the Tower Suites. That's fine, and I\nhave no problem with reserved areas, but nothing indicated\nhat was the case, and the security guard obviously had no\nidea what a Resort Room key looked like (nor did he bother\nto explain, if he knew, what the situation was--had he done\nso, in even a professional if not courteous way, we would\nhave understood completely). Instead, we were made to feel\nlike trespassers or party crashers, and that's not a\npleasant way for a guest to be made to feel in a high-end\nproperty such as Wynn. Needless to say, I was very surprised\nby the event, and it sort of clouded the rest of the\nafternoon. I was also surprised that the staff person I\nspoke to about the incident at the front desk was, while\npolite, not especially distressed by our experience. \""Well, some\nof our security guards can be a little gruff,\"" I was told.\nCertainly \""gruffness\"" is good when the bad\nguys come around; not so much when directed at guests.\""\n\nWhat's disturbing to me mostly is that we never received any response to this email. I'm seriously not shopping for comps, but I would have expected some sort of acknowledgment from Wynn management that something inappropriate happened, that a guest's experience was clouded by a staff person's poor behavior, but...nothing. Silence.\n\nThat customer service failure takes Wynn right off my list. There are many fine places to stay in Vegas that offer a reasonable level of responsiveness and customer service. I would encourage others to find them, as I will."
1	"We were disrespected by the staff, and we walked away. We complained to the general manager of the Wynn Hotel, and the only thing he could say is Sorry.\n\nIf you are in Vegas, and expect a good time at a 5 star resort, AVOID WYNN LAS VEGAS & STEVE WYNN'S RESORTS IN GENERAL.\n\nUnless you want to be suckered into something that isn't what it really is, than go here, but if you plan on coming here with a family and expect 5 star service than PLEASE take my recommendation, and take your business elsewhere, where people would appreciate your business.\n\nThe Food isn't as great as it sounds, and the service is crap. The price is fair, however I would never step foot into a Wynn Resort again. \n\nThis is coming from a hospitality major, and to be specific, the guy who jacked things up for me and my family was the asian guy, Steve Kuo or something like that, and the manager we dealt with was Chris Fox. Chris Fox was ok, he didn't want to do anything for us, and thats' fine. That's why we are leaving this review. \n\nThis is a quote from another review, in May 2012: \n\n\""1) Life is too short to have bad customer service and \n2) Life is too short to suffer fools.\""\n\nThank you."
1	"I'd like to start by stating that though I travel quite a bit, and the hospitality industry has set many expectations...I'm not very picky.  I simply expect the kind of accommodations and service associated with appropriate level of cost.  Put simply, if I'm paying $50/night, I expect very little.  If I'm paying $500/night, I would hope that the room, service, and overall experience would prove it is worth far more than the $50 establishment.\n\nI stayed at the Wynn Las Vegas for one night   Since the Wynn brags that they are the only 5-star and 5-diamond rated casino hotel in the world, I fully expected the service and accommodations to be second-to-none. \n\nAt best, I would give the Wynn 3 stars, diamonds, rubies...or whatever shiny little symbol you want to associate with the establishment and their service.  Bottom line - NOT worth the money.  \n\nshitty customer service..no follow through..blah blah blah"
2	"The Wynn is nice.  Expensive but nice.  It is really the most recent unltra luxury casino built on the strip, unless you count the Encore which is really part of the Wynn.  City Center / Aria / Cosmopolitan, etc are nice but is just different than the Venetian, Bellagio and now the Wynn.\n\nDefinitely expensive, but they do things really well.  It feels classy while also being completely over the top.  Has a little more of the elegance that is somewhat lost at a few of the other big hotels.  \n\nThe golf course is ridiculous and looks like it is in Georgia or the Carolinas and not in the middle of the desert.  Giant trees, waterfalls, lush green grass.  How they do that, I have no idea.\n\nIt is a little removed from the other hotels on the strip which I would probably prefer it be closer in and connected but oh well."
2	"The Wynn is a fabulous resort. I really enjoyed my stay here and didn't want to leave! It would definitely merit 5 stars, except that it triggered a couple of my pet peeves.\n\nAtmosphere. Gorgeous. The lobby and casino are breathtaking and just exude wealth and glamour. So do the guests at the Wynn. I could definitely tell this resort sets itself apart by catering to the creme de la creme of gamblers and vacationers. Most people were dressed to the nines, and while there was a good mix of types, many were really ridiculously good-looking (and obviously high-maintenance). The Esplanade has an impressive collection of high-end labels, from Chanel to Alexander McQueen to Manolo Blahnik. We even caught sight of Manolo himself in the store. Crazy.\n\nPools. The main pool is lovely. It's two circular ends connected by a long canal that's fun to swim through. We didn't have too much trouble finding lounge chairs, though we had to sit in a quiet corner on the first day because they were all taken in the more buzzing areas. The \""European bathing\"" pool looked like fun. Didn't see anyone topless there, sorry guys. The poolside bar had some great swirled pina colada/ daiquiri frozen drinks. Great service everywhere.\n\nRestaurants. Everywhere we ate surpassed our expectations. We had heard good things about the buffet, and we were delighted by the quality of the food they set out. Our favorite place for brunch was Tableau. The decor was tea-partyesque and the food was quite good (though I wasn't a huge fan of the duck). I ate at Terrace Pointe Cafe by myself one morning. My waitress was so sweet and I had a great omelette and took a delicious peanut-butter-banana smoothie to the pool with me.\n\nRooms. Our room was lovely and spacious with a gorgeous view of the Strip and the mountains. The lights and curtains change to suit your mood at the touch of a button.  The bathroom had a great shower (amazing water pressure!) and a fancy little vanity area. What brings my rating down half a star is the quality of sleep I had there... meaning almost none. First, the bed was very uncomfortable. It felt old and springy and sagged a bit in the middle. This is one of my biggest pet peeves. An expensive hotel like the Wynn should have amazing comfy beds! And they even advertise as such! And on Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights I couldn't sleep until Tryst closed its doors and turned off the incredibly loud music. We were on the 38th floor and it felt like the 2nd floor, the music was so booming. If you plan to get any sleep (and I'm guessing most people don't when they go to Vegas), ask for a room facing the golf course.\n\nSpa. The Wynn spa and fitness center are 5-star. I had such a great day working out at the top-notch gym and then lounging in the saunas, whirlpool and waterfall showers. The jacuzzi room is like a dream. The service, as with everywhere at the Wynn, was amazing. My favorite little touch: the cucumber and ice towels for your eyes. So relaxing! The only hitch came with my massage. And here's where I dock that second half-star for my other huge pet peeve: Lame massage. This is hardly Steve Wynn's fault, but I feel I should warn others. I booked a \""Blended fusion\"" massage on the receptionist's advice, since I could have a customized experience with more or less pressure however I wanted. This 50-minute massage is priced at $170, folks. For that, they'd better send me to massage Nirvana. (Luckily I had a gift certificate for $100 off from Amex, but still!). I'm picky, but COME ON! The therapist knew she would get a hefty tip if only because the price was so high. You'd think she could make an effort. She didn't listen to my requests and she used no technique. The only reason I didn't complain was because I wanted to enjoy the spa in peace for the rest of the afternoon and not have it hanging over me. I won't lie, my indignation was quickly soothed by the eucalyptus-infused steam room. Heaven.\n\nI would definitely stay at the Wynn again and would not hesitate to recommend it. If you want that pampered feeling, this is the place to go. Our friends really loved the Encore, so maybe we'll try that resort next time."
2	"Beautiful hotel, i really enjoyed my stay here. They have great restaurants inside, with good food. The suite i stayed in was beautiful with a great view, and it had a room just for massages in the suite. There customer service is amazing here, and they are very attenative to detail. The mall inside is kinda small but they have great stores. The indoor garden is beautiful! Highly recommend this hotel."
2	"Gorgeous hotel with amazing service, restaurants, and ambiance.\n\nThe hotel room is gorgeous and whenever I book a hotel, I check in the restroom first. The restroom is gorgeous, clean and I could not find a speck of dirt in the room! When I called room service for extra towels, blankets, and toothbrushes/paste, they promptly delivered to our room with a smile even though it was 1 A.M. They even started a conversation which was great. Also, the maids and maintenance employees greet us good morning or night every time they see us. Even when we call in, the employees ask for our last names and greet us by \""Ms.\"" or \""Mr.\"" The service is what makes this hotel so spectacular. They answered our questions quickly, efficiently, and pleasantly. \n\nI love the atmosphere of the lobby, beautiful and gorgeous. I can never get enough pictures there!\n\nAlthough the rooms are expensive, if you book at the right time and at the right website, you can end up getting a great deal."
1	"The Wynn is a beautiful hotel but the customer service does not meet my expectations. A hotel of this level can do much better. I emailed my complaints to guest services so below is an excerpt of my complaints.\n\n-----------\nMy recent stay at the Wynn left me incredibly underwhelmed. There were several problems during our stay.\n\n1. Although check in was at 3pm.  Our rooms were not available until after 5pm.\n\n2. I asked for tape upon check in. I called at least 3 times from check in until the following morning before tape was brought to my room. I would have appreciated follow up from the hotel.\n\n3. In the morning of 6/2 the tv in 5846 did not work. I called for service and a new remote was brought to our room. It did not work. I called and asked that the tv should be serviced during the day. When I returned to the room after 6pm, the tv still did not work. Someone came to fix the tv after 6 pm but it took an entire day to service something so simple.\n\n4. Housekeeping closed the doors connecting our 2  rooms on 6/2 so my friend could not retrieve her items from the adjoining room. It took an hour before someone came to fix the problem.\n\n5. I left my sweater in 5848. I find your $15 admin fee  for returned items to be outrageous.\n\n6. Coffee makers are not in the rooms. That should be standard.\n\n7. The refrigerators are stocked full of your merchandise. A $25 rental fee for a refrigerator is ridiculous. \n\n8. There were several times that no one answered the front desk phone, housekeeping phone or concierge phone.\n\nMost of these items were minor inconveniences that luckily did not dampen our Las Vegas experience however I am confident that other hotels can do better.\n\nI hope that you make some significant improvements to enhance your guests' experiences.\n\n----------------\nJust to be fair:\n\nSome good notes\n\n-They waived the admin fee to return an item a left in the room. :)\n\n-The room was beautiful.\n\n-The bathroom was huge.\n\n-The hotel was clean and didn't reek of smoke.\n\nSo there you have it. There are too many options on the Strip to be so disappointed."
1	"Maybe this is a good place to party till 6 AM, but it is THE WORST PLACE YOU CAN IMAGINE if having a meeting, convention, or anything else that requires people to be able to be awake and think in the morning. On one side is Encore, which blasts music till 6 AM that had glasses thumping in rooms up past the 30th floor. On the other side is The Mirage, where the volcano exploding every hour may awaken anyone who hasn't taken a sleeping aid. To top it off the staff, while nice, seems not to understand what is going on in the hotel, or where, and misdirected me numerous times with 100 pounds of luggage in tow. My hand and arm are now bruised. I have yet to experience a worse business trip in Las Vegas, and that is saying a lot, as I did stay at the old \""rattison\"" before they tore it down."
1	"This is a beautiful hotel with great food selection and shops.  The rooms are also nice.  I am giving this a one star because of what happened to me at 2 am on the way to my room.  On my way up to my room, 3 drunk guys get in from a lower floor and were so aggressive that I ended up shoving one of the guys to get out to my floor.  This was traumatic for me and a big advice I would have for all the ladies is to be really careful about being alone in the elevator, especially when it's late into the night.  When i shared this traumatic experience with one of the clerks at check out, his only offer was \""I'm sorry\"" and mentioned that I should have reported it to security.  He did not offer anything else but for me to get in another line to speak to the manager.  I was unable to speak to the manager due to the long lines there and him stepping away from the front desk.  I was really surprised by the lack of empathy I received from the clerk and the lack of empowerment he had in trying to turn my experience around.   I was disappointed in my experience (although the rest of it was great) because of how it all ended when I shared something really traumatic.  My key takeaway:  As a woman, be careful about being alone in the Wynn elevators."
1	"We had a mini-family reunion (14 people) in Vegas and chose the Wynn. While the hotel looks nice, the rooms are lovely and large. The Wynn is not worth the price. \n- No coffee makers in room - - I like my morning coffee. \n- Unfortunately I forgot my swimsuit - it cost me $140 to buy the cheapest they had\n- Drinks are outrageously expensive ($15.99 for a shot of bourbon!)\n- They have a DAILY $25 'Resort Fee' for you to use the Health Club, room telephone, in-room fax machine... When I said that I had no plans to use any of those, I was told it was mandatory. And then there's a $3.00 tax on top of that. \n- Even your iPhone or iPad or whatever costs $13.99 a DAY - which they SO generously deduct from your $25 resort Fee. Seriously??!!! In this day and age they charge $13.99??? \n- Employees are not overly friendly - except for the housekeeping staff - when you ran into them in the hallways they were very friendly. Not so elsewhere in the hotel. It's like you're doing them a favor by staying there. \n- We wanted to have a family celebration dinner in the Stratta... Initially, there was no way that they would move our tables together... and we'd have to all have the same food... Seriously?? You can't accommodate 14 people??? In their defense a manager by the name of Christian did make it all work so we had a lovely evening... but it was work to get to that point. \n- The hotel nightclubs are on the upper floors - if you're anywhere near them BEWARE!  A couple of our cousins called down in the middle of the night to complain about the loud music - - the hotel sent security up to their rooms and provided complimentary earplugs - like the kind you buy at Home Depot. Really??\n- I discussed all of this with a couple of different 'managers' - it was basically blah, blah, blah - (too bad, we're not going to do anything about it), blah, blah, blah\n\nYou have lots of choices when you're in Vegas. Why settle for such BS??? Why settle for a hotel that doesn't care if you're not happy????"
1	"Still recovering from sleepless night; 25th floor and the nightclubs rock and throb all the way up all night till 4:30 am. Front desk and management not at all surprised with my complaint. They state many of the rooms hear the clubs all night. Did not know this hotel was designed only for kids. Expected a whole lot more sophistication. Disappointed big time with The Wynn Las Vegas."
1	"This is a review on Wynn hotel's valet parking service. They have the WORST valet parking service ever! When you go get your car. they will ask you if you are a hotel guest or not. If you are not a hotel guest they will give you a yellow ticket. Yellow stands for, wait 30 + minutes to get your car. The hotel guests will get a green ticket and even if you waited 30 + minutes, a hotel guest at Wynn who showed up later than you, will get their car first!!! Well I was starving and wanted to go get breakfast BC we couldn't eat at Wynn's buffet since they have a dress code. These valet workers made us wait 45 minutes to get our car. We had to go complain to them or else we would have to wait even longer."
2	"It is one of those places you just feel plain silly reviewing. \n\nEverything was perfect. When you pay for perfection - you get it! \n\nBest pool experience I've ever had (the asian chicken salad is great too)! Parasol bar is the perfect place to meet with folks, and the deli is fine for an affordable meal."
1	"Unfortunate stay, paltry customer service for the elite hotel this is supposed to be. \nI've stayed at the Wynn in the past and have had a good experience and this time around, it left me heartbroken and disappointed.\n\nI booked a room well-in-advance, at least 1.5 months before, to stay based on a promotional offer I received in the mail.  I was able to get one complimentary night, and for ANY discount, I am grateful.  However, the service just didn't sit right with me from the beginning. \n\nWhen checking in around 4PM, I was told they no longer had any double-bed rooms available, although I had clearly booked reservations for double-bed room.  If I wanted a king bed, I would've asked for that in the beginning. \n\nHiromi at the front desk apologized, but was not able to accommodate us any further.  What do I get for the inconvenience?  Anything?  No, but we will see if any room opens up tomorrow and call you tomorrow.\n\nThe next day, we receive no call.  So we're stuck with the king and a rollaway.  Had I been a petty person, I would've thrown an outrageous fit.  However, because I'm a good calm citizen, I accepted it as is, and just went along with it.  Though inside, I was frustrated.\n\nIt led me to think, did we get shorted the room we wanted, because we were on a promotional deal?  It also made me wonder if we were getting the short end of the stick because we're younger, not the elite-looking type of older people who come through those casino doors.\n\nI also requested a late check-out on our last stay, because we had spent most of the night up enjoying Vegas, and would require a little extra time (simply an hour!) to get packed and organized before heading out.  When I called the front desk at 4AM, Thierry told me I would have to check back at 8AM and they would let me know if a late check out would be available.  So I asked, what is the difference between knowing now and 8am?  I was not given an answer.  Instead, when I finally mentioned how much of an inconvenience our stay had been from the start, she reluctantly gave in and said, OK we will give you an additional hour for late check-out.  I had to battle tooth+nail simply for an extended check-out.  I've stayed at many-a-hotel in Vegas before, and I've never had to ask more than once for a late-check out.\n\nOther hotels I've stayed at have kindly offered upgrades for just-for-the-heck-of-it convenience, and here it seemed like we were just expected to stomach the inconvenience. \n\nThe only great service I received was from their concierge who offered plenty of answers and suggestions without complaints and a pleasant attitude.  The front desk should be trained in a similar manner.\n\nI don't expect to be treated like a king, but for the price you pay for a 5-star hotel, I would hope that a guest wouldn't get undermined into being treated like a pauper."
1	"DO NOT stay here.  Service is awful.  The staff is beyond rude.  Check-in took almost an hour.  We were promised a rollaway.  Never got it.  When we called at 1 am, the rudest person on the planet told us they would not be providing one.  She then accused me of lying, claiming that no one would have ever promised us a rollaway.   I have stayed in much cheaper hotels with infinitely better service.  Stay away!"
1	"My friends and I booked two suites for my friend's bachelor party. We thought we might as well go somewhere nice since it was a special occasion. \n\nFrom the minute we got there every employee was rude and didn't want to help in any way. Even trying to get to my room the elevator guy had to look through my ice chest and almost didn't let me bring it up. Then we finally get to the room and the ice machine was not working and there is a frig in the room but filled with the Wynn's over priced drinks and who wants that.\n\n So to the main point of my trip and why I think everyone should boycott this hotel is because of the discrimination they showed one of my friends because of his tattoos. It was the most ignorant things I think I've ever witnessed. He was denied entry to a pool party that we all payed for because of the art work on his skin. He is not a gang member or anything like that and we were hotel guests just going to a pool party at the hotel that we payed for. The security gaurd that was kicking us out had just about as many tattoos as my friend did which was rediculous in its self. I asked him why he wasn't letting us in and he said \""We have an image to uphold\"". He also said because some of the millionaires wouldn't like to see his tattoos. I find it really hard to believe that they would care so much about my friends tattoos that they would leave and not spend any of their money there. And we payed money as well so I guess our money wasn't good enough for them. So after we left by being embarrased in front of hundreds of people we go to get our money back and they took 2 hours to reimbuse us. \n\nSo instead of us trying to provide a special weekend for our friend it turned into one difficulty after the next. I will never step foot in that hotel or casino ever again and you shouldn't either. They will treat you like second class citizens and will disriminate against you just as they did to us. Go stay anywhere else!!!!!!!!!"
1	"My friends and I booked two suites for my friend's bachelor party. We thought we might as well go somewhere nice since it was a special occasion. \n\nFrom the minute we got there every employee was rude and didn't want to help in any way. Even trying to get to my room the elevator guy had to look through my ice chest and almost didn't let me bring it up. Then we finally get to the room and the ice machine was not working and there is a frig in the room but filled with the Wynn's over priced drinks and who wants that.\n\nSo to the main point of my trip and why I think everyone should boycott this hotel is because of the discrimination they showed one of my friends because of his tattoos. It was the most ignorant things I think I've ever witnessed. He was denied entry to a pool party that we all payed for because of the art work on his skin. He is not a gang member or anything like that and we were hotel guests just going to a pool party at the hotel that we payed for. The security gaurd that was kicking us out had just about as many tattoos as my friend did which was rediculous in its self. I asked him why he wasn't letting us in and he said \""We have an image to uphold\"". He also said because some of the millionaires wouldn't like to see his tattoos. I find it really hard to believe that they would care so much about my friends tattoos that they would leave and not spend any of their money there. And we payed money as well so I guess our money wasn't good enough for them. So after we left by being embarrased in front of hundreds of people we go to get our money back and they took 2 hours to reimbuse us. \n\nSo instead of us trying to provide a special weekend for our friend it turned into one difficulty after the next. I will never step foot in that hotel or casino ever again and you shouldn't either. They will treat you like second class citizens and will disriminate against you just as they did to us. Go stay anywhere else!!!!!!!!!"
1	"Staying at the Wynn is not the start to any horror story i have ever heard, but that's how my horror story starts. OK first when we were about to check in at the registry they assumed that we were off our rockers cause we were asking for our two tower suites we had booked months in advance asked us \""are you sure\"" like we were some bums on hallucinogens or something. After they realized that we did have two suites booked, they told us that it would take a couple hours,this is just the beginning. We finally get our keys to our tower suites, then right before we even get to the elevator you have to pass some elevator security (which i have nothing against) but these \""elevator security\"" stopped our group and said that he wanted to check my cooler. I cooperated fine and he says that i have to much beer in it \""WHAT\""!? i said. So confused as other groups of people have cases and holding Tequila bottles as they walk right by him. He finally said we could proceed after he makes these phony call asking if it was OK to bring a cooler of beer to the room,apperently he wanted a payoff of some sort like he was doing me a big favor. So annoying but we did. We proceed to the hotel which was really nice(ill give the Wynn that). We get ready and go straight to the pool party which we even paid extra for VIP. WE get to the pool and i dint know if they had it out for us or what but again we deal with security!? This time there not letting my friend into the pool cause of his tattoos! Get this, the guy \""Jason\"" had tattoos as well just like my friend and he has the nerve to tell us \""paying customers staying at there hotel\"" that we were not gonna be allowed in! We tried to reason by saying that he would put a shirt on but they were ignoring us ! We had to leave cause of the embarrassment. It took us about two hours to get reimbursed with no sorry or anything after we spend two hours at the front desk speaking with managers, supervisors etc. I felt bad for my friend for being discriminated for tat toss which half of the people at the pool had! We were singled out and probably a good laugh for there staff for ruining our weekend.Thanks a lot Wynn. I will NEVER EVER EVER STAY HERE AGAIN!"
2	"The Wynn is an amazing resort property.  Combined with  adjoining Encore, Wynn can boast of an incredible variety of rooms, restaurants and entertainment options.  \n\nI was lucky to be upgraded to a room on one of the high floors, with a panoramic view.  The housekeeping and room service staff are fast and friendly, the concierge staff take a real interest in helping you, and they even have a Quality Control group that checks on guests' well-being.  The dining options in particular are impressive.\n\nI found the gatekeepers at the clubs--XS, Tryst and Surrender--to be an obnoxious bunch, even if you were simply passing by, with no interest in clubbing.  But then, they are dealing with young, desperate and rowdy elements, drawn from a wide cross-section of entertainment seekers.\n\nWynn provides the best balance of upmarket feel, great service and reasonable location when you in LV NV.  I wouldn't go to another hotel, unless I am offered a fancy room elsewhere as a comp for being a high roller.  The odds of that being the case, or of me visiting Vegas at a reasonable frequency, are very low."
2	"This is truly a 'resort.'  I was surprised by the hubby for our anniversary and whisked away to paradise for two quick nights.  The Wynn is gorgeous, everything here is top notch from the valet to the toiletries in the room.  We were given a strip facing room that had a spectacular view (24th floor).  The room is so lovely, the leather furniture, so classy and the nice touches like a small tv in the bathroom at the vanity table and the marble counter tops.  The wall decor is also chic and refined.  I just love it all, the best hotel I've stayed at in Vegas for sure.  We also liked the pool area, they have a lot of shaded areas which is great during these hot months.  The pool side service was my only gripe, a bit slow.   Now I'm spoiled and only want to stay here for future visits.  Our room package was nice too it included two buffets and two tickets to Le Reve, both are must dos here."
2	"The Wynn more than delivers on the customer service front, the staff is always attentive and courteous. Shopping and restaurants are definitely geared toward high end clientele which, I view as a good thing if your looking to escape Vegas' more raucous side. I stayed in one of the regular rooms facing the front of the hotel which proved to be quite noisy but I've found that is the case at most hotels on the strip. The room is spacious with a very clean modern feel to it. I would definitely stay here again, even though its not my favorite ::cough:: Aria::cough::this hotel easily makes my top 5 here."
2	"The place has everything you'd expect from an exceptional, five star hotel. It's my favorite hotel in Vegas, and coming here you never even have to leave since it has the best club (XS) and food. So I'm going to tell you about some off beat kind of stuff: \n\n-Even from the 32nd floor, you can hear some bumping from the clubs at night, past 3am. I feel sorry for those on the low floors. By the way, 32nd isn't even considered high in this pseudo skyscraper \n\n-Exceptional maid service! I don't mean to sound like an elitist, but really! They tell you her name, she cleans up everything and puts things away, but in a really non invasive way. Everything in the bathroom was arranged neatly, and no evidence of any pre club boozing in the room the night before. Seriously, this is a real maid."
2	"Gorgeous well-maintained casino. I remember when it first opened, it was very dull and stuffy but now is is party-central! It has a lively atmospehere and is very crowded; two things I prefer in a casino. If you prefer the same level of quality but on a smaller scale, with fewer crowds, then Encore is for you. One complaint is there aren't any nearby casinos to walk to just in case you want a change of scenery."
1	"The bottom line: If I could I would choose another hotel any time.\n\nI stay at the Wynn once a year for an annual conference. I have heard much about it before coming - the grandeur, the size, the facilities. I would use other words: smelly, noisy, unpleasant service, constantly looking for ways to remove money from your pocket.\n\nThe pros: Indeed lavish rooms, great views, and there is no real need to leave the hotel if you have the money to afford what is offered within. The pool is really nice.\nThe cons: Disclosure - I do not care for Vegas. But many of my problems with the Wynn are specific. First of all the internet situation - In 2012 I do not think charging $14 a day for internet is ethical. Especially as free WiFi is scarce and poorly located (perhaps on purpose). Second, The place stinks. It smells of cigarettes and some sort of synthetic odor that does a pretty poor job at masking the cigarette smoke. Thirdly, the staff is unpleasant. True - they will all constantly smile and ask you how you are. But this is a plastic exterior. It is more than obvious this is what they were told to do. From my experience they did not go out of there way to help several problems I have encountered including checking in to a room on time, for instance (they had the wrong kind of room and I had to check my bags in and be late for a conference). Another example is the pool. The pool is awesome. But the hours are uncomfortable (9 AM - 6 PM). That is not enough. And for some reason the staff kept asking that we leave a few minutes ahead of time toward the end of the day (and always once the end of the day is approaching several of them suddenly appeared and kept asking us to finish swimming. Why repeat?)."
1	"I could not be more disappointed in the Wynn customer service as i am now. The club XS allows people to dance in the swimming pools and come in and out of the water which makes the area very slippery. I fell by the pool and split my knee open i was rushed to the ER on my bachelorette party to get 6 stiches. Thanks to XS i had to hobble through my wedding and was forced to not exorcize for 6 weeks. When i reached out to the Wynn, the HR department was more then rude they were down right insulting and completely unaccommodating to what happened to me in their hotel. i would never spend another penny in this hotel.\n\ni recommend going to the Cosmopolitan where you will find real customer service and a hotel where they actually care about what happens to their patrons"
2	"The Wynn is still my favorite hotel in Vegas. That is saying something because they build something newer and better every year. When it comes to \""Class\"" ... in Vegas... there really is no such thing, but The Wynn comes as close to it as you can get while still staying VEGAS at heart.\n\nEverywhere you look there are amazing pieces of art and the decor is just lush upon lush.\n\nThe rooms however are very subtle by comparison to the deep reds and bright purples you see in the casino and bars...  they are very well thought out... with one wall that is completely windows in pretty much every room. I love that and you really don't have a bad view... either you are looking at the golf course and the pool or the strip...  so you can't go wrong.\n\nSpeaking of the pool. It's great. There are two large dipping pools connected by a long canal that you can walk through from one end to the other. I really loved drinking a pina colada and walking down the canal in the cool water...  my friend and i walked up and down in the pool and talked and people watched and tanned...\n\nThe pool side food is lacking though.. the only thing they need to improve at The Wynn.\n\nMake sure you hit The Buffet here one morning too. Not kidding. It's not your cheesy vegas buffet. You won't regret it."
2	"Pro's: beautiful hotel\n          Classy\n\nCons: stuffy image. Makes me feel like u need a dinner jacket every time you enter.\n           The light show although nice, is a bit short."
2	"The Wynn, in my opinion, is the best hotel in Vegas. \n\nFrom the pool, to the service, to the casino, to the restaurants, to the clubs... This is the best property in Vegas.  I was previously torn between the Bellagio and the Wynn until we took a trip to Vegas to figure out what we wanted to get married....  I now have no desire to stay at the bellagio or anywhere else for that matter (unless it's the Encore)  \n\nWe visited the Bellagio after staying in the Wynn, and in comparison it looks old, dated and dirty. Im so happy with our decision to stay at the Wynn. \n\nMy only complaints are:  We spent a LOT of money in the hotel over the weekend of our wedding.  We asked for an upgrade upon check in and they did not honor our request or really seem to give a shit about the amount of money we were spending.  This is in a recession, in Vegas.  \n\nWe requested a smoking room, got a non-smoking room and had to switch the next day which is not a fun event. Surprisingly, the smoking room was even nicer than the non. We stayed on the 50th floor with a great view. No where do they tell you that they will charge you $200.00 per night for a security deposit.  For some of our wedding guests who do not carry credit cards, only cash, this was a problem.  Not sure how they got this resolved but it's there job to make sure that they notify their guests of their policies.  \n\nOverall, the Wynn has a spot in my heart and I don't plan on staying anywhere else while in Vegas!"
2	"WOW! I normally stay at the Bellagio, but wanted to try the Wynn for something different. The Wynn has won me over. Everything is so up-to-date and clean. The staff was friendly and ready to serve. You would never have to leave the resort if you did not want too.  The Wynn is the only place I will stay when I come to Vegas again."
1	"Just got back from a stay at the Wynn over the holidays for what my wife and I hoped would be a start to a fun Christmas tradition. Unfortunately, we were absolutely floored by the behavior of one of the dealers on the casino floor who effectively ruined our stay at the Wynn.  We go to Vegas frequently, up to a few times a year, and my wife and I enjoy playing craps, betting in the sports book, and burning money playing slot machines.  On our second day we decided to go down to the casino floor to play the table games, and one craps dealer offended us so deeply, we avoided the tables in the Wynn like the plague so we didn't have to see her.  We played at one table in the Encore, but decided to not bet any more of our money at the hotel after that, and instead spent the rest of our gambling time/money at an MGM property.\n\nHere's what happened while I was playing craps.  I was at a table that had too few players, so I decided to move to another more lively table (I should note that the dealers at the first table were friendly... too bad that didn't carry over).  At the second table, I was positioned next to a female dealer from South Korea who seemed nice enough at first.  However, while we were playing, she was talking to a man from the Netherlands about how Americans don't travel, how there weren't any in Vegas even (which didn't make sense), how U.S. money is essentially worthless, and how America \""used\"" to be a great country and basically how awful it is now.  At one point, I looked over at her in disgust to which she replied \""it's true!\"" \n\nRegardless of what you think privately, it was a completely inappropriate conversation.  I don't go on vacation to spend my hard earned money at hotel to be insulted by its staff.  As I mentioned earlier, it was such an awful experience, that we actively avoided the tables at the Wynn because we would frequently see her there.  It got to the point where we just gave up and gambled elsewhere.  Had I not prepaid for the room, I would have checked out and gotten a room at an MGM property, or in the neighboring Palazzo.\n\nI expect to find anti-Americanism abroad, but I didn't expect to find it here.  Furthermore, some of the comments were absurd.  The portion about U.S. currency, whatever.. Yeah the dollar's not exactly what it used to be, but it's what I get in my paycheck and it's what I'm spending at your hotel/casino, and I would have spent/gambled a whole hell of a lot more, so save it.  There were no Americans in Vegas?  I'm not sure what that was about.  Americans don't travel?  I travel... A lot.  Germany, Egypt, and the UK just in the past few months.  America used to be a great country?  Again, keep your opinions to yourself.  I'm not staying and gambling in this casino to hear you go on about your personal political beliefs... Furthermore, I don't expect many of your AMERICAN (remember, your hotel and casino are in AMERICA financed with AMERICAN dollars built with AMERICAN hands and frequented by AMERICANS) guests would appreciate this line of conversation.  But maybe Steve Wynn and Wynn Resorts doesn't want American guests and wants to market their properties solely to foreigners. \n\nI told a hotel employee all about this when I checked out, and she seemed apologetic, but in being an average customer, I doubt I'll even receive an email follow-up about my experience.  Needless to say, this incident so soured my experience, that I will be staying elsewhere on the next trip to Vegas."
2	"Love the Wynn (and Encore).  The location is great because you are at the northern end of the strip and away from the huge crowds.  The amenities are great and it feels spacious.  The rooms are great, my only complaint would be the water pressure for the shower.\n\nThe casino area is well planned, the layout is good and easy to navigate through.  I love the sportsbook :)\n\nThe Wynn/Encore will always be my hotel of choice in Vegas."
2	"If you are staying in Las Vegas, you need to stay here.  If you do not, you will lose all your money at another hotel."
2	"I stayed at the Wynn in 2005 when it first opened and I don't know why it took me so long to come back! It is still every bit as beautiful and luxurious as it was 7 years ago. \n\nService is excellent and the rooms are incredibly spacious. If I had to knock them for something, I think the beds (in two bed rooms) are full size when they could be queens. We had a great view of the golf course which has unrealistically green grass! We also got a room on a non-smoking floor (without even asking) which was a big plus. Apparently the gym (included in the resort fee) is also amazing, but of course I conveniently \""forgot\"" my gym clothes. \n\nThe location is super convenient and just a short walkway to the mall and the Palazzo and Venetian. Caesar's isn't too far away either. You have a near infinite choice of restaurants and shops near by. \n\nOh and of course the casino. Be sure to sign up for a Red card if it's your first visit. You get $10 in free slot play just for signing up, then a spin on the wheel with 350 points and two free buffets with 750 points. I was able to get 750 points in a day and my two buffets had a $100 value!"
1	"Worse stay EVER IN VEGAS!\n\nI get that Wynn is a premier hotel that accomodates its guest thus the high hotel rates. But my stay there was the worst time i have had in Vegas. First it took me 2 hours to check in due to the incompetent front desk worker. \n\nI tell her i want to pay for the room in cash and put the 250 accident on my card which instead she charges everything on my card apoligizing for her mistake and refunds me back the 200$ in cash. She goes on to tell me it was her mistake that they charged my card over looking the initial first night stay deposit. \n\nBy that point i am extremely disturbed that it is taking me 2 hours to check into the hotel so i request and ask 3 time that the 250$ accidetal charge not be charged and just be held in my account. She confirms and agrees it will not be and the over charged amount will be taken out of my final charge when i check out. \n\nI thank her and FINALLY check into my room looking forward to the nights festivities which i also bought tickets to XS. At this poit it was 2 in the morning with XS closing at 4 which I though its ok couples hours to get my drink on with no LINE!!! I get in and it is packed as they didnt open the pool side. \n\nI am no super annoye so i decide to screw it and get some rest. I get into my hotel with the outside weather being about 43 degrees turn on the heater in the room and to my surprise...it is broken. \n\nGiven i paid for a king suite, i imagined something like a heater would work in the room. \n\nAll that aside i has an amzing time with my girlfriend. However i get back to reality in LA and check my bank account and to my surprise a total of 751.36 has been chArged on my card. I call in and the floor manager tell me it is their fault but the amounts of 507.11 has been refunded so no compensation will be given at this time. WTF?!?!?! Admiting its their fault and me getting charged overages for their mistake...nothing can be compensated for their imcompetenace?!?!? Wow...worst hotel service ever."
2	"Had an offer, paid about $150/nite for 2 nights plus 2 free buffets and 2 free Le Reve tix, otherwise it would be expensive. The room is great, with a control panel for lights and window  curtain, whole wall window with great view from 28th floor. Clean and nice, the hotel is great, a lot of restaurant and entertainment options, Le Reve is fantastic! It's a little far from the Strip, there is no monorail station close, it's like a 15 min walk. But you can take a cab to say MGM for about $10 if you want to visit other places. Has a golf course and private villas if you are interested, also a beach club. I understand that it's the only 5 star 5 diamonds hotel in the world, but it probably refers to the villas. WiFi is free if you pay the resort fee, otherwise it's $13/day."
2	"EPIC hotel from top to bottom. If you have the money you will not be disappointed with the Wynn. Remote control window coverings the service top notch. \n\nWhy only 4 stars ? if you're a working man who like to dress a little casual you will feel out place almost looked down upon. a bit too snooty for my working class lifestyle"
2	"The Wynn is a beautiful hotel. I enjoy walking around the hotel and looking at the fine detailing. The ceiling, walls, drapes, columns, flowers..it's obvious Steve W has exceptional taste. I've seen no other on the strip as lovely."
1	"Stay at Cosmo or Bellagio if you really want a first rate Vegas experience without the elitist attitude you get from the Wynn."
2	"Wynn is one of the few truly unique luxury hotels. There really isn't anything else quite like it (except Encore next door, but that's a separate review). The lobby is beautiful and spacious, the casino is large and clean, and the rooms are immaculate. I like the way the hallways curve to follow the contours of the building. \n\nI know that last part doesn't help you much but I just wanted to add it here. \n\nFrom check in to check out, everyone with whom we came into contact was cheery, upbeat, and always extended nice greetings. \n\nA couple of financial matters bugged me just a little. There is a $25 daily resort fee. This basically gives you the use of their gym. And there is a $150 security deposit PER DAY! I was surprised by this. My three night stay amounted to $450 in security deposits. Of course, I got it back after checking out. But I think that's a bit steep. \n\nBut the rooms are quite nice, even the basic ones. Ours was the basic and had incredible views of the strip, a comfortable leather white couch, and a TV in the bathroom. Gotta love that. \n\nWe booked straight through the Wynn and saw La Reve in the Wynn Theater. This show is amazing and a must see. You'll never look at the water the same again. Also, after seeing La Reve, you'll look at the carpeting in the room hallways a little differently. You'll see a connection. Just trust me on this.\n\nSo I would definitely come back, just be aware of those fees and you'll be fine. And quite honestly for the experience, it's all worth it."
2	"I loved staying at the Wynn.  The hotel is very comfortable and seemingly not as trashy feeling as some hotels and casinos in Vegas.  The decor is nice and not cheesy and the restaurants and cafes in the hotel are delicious (overpriced in my opinion, but it's Vegas...) I love their Parasol bar and the little show that comes on every so often outside in the lake.  It's a little trippy, but kind of neat too."
1	"First time staying at the Wynn. Our Deluxe Room had a lovely panoramic view. In the bathroom we found The used robes and hair all over the floor. The carpet had debris on it. We requested another room which was slightly cleaner. Still had carpet debris and a dirty streaked smudged mirror. We won't be back. I'm rating 2 star because the view from the 51st floor was breathtaking."
2	"My wife and I travel to Las Vegas a couple times a year, we have stayed at MGM Signature Towers, Caesars Palace, Palazzo, we decided to try the Wynn we spent thousands in the shops Chanel, Dior, Louis Vuitton and the staff were pleasant and helped my wife and daughter with an enjoyable shopping experience.  The hotel staff on the other hand needs a lot of lessons on handling and defusing escalating problems, we paid for 2 rooms adjoining a night not a very cheap experience as you can read from the other posts.  Our grandson who is 8 accompanied us on this trip as it was a surprise his mother was getting engaged, he had lost his father to a drunk driver when he was a couple months old and now she had found a nice guy and long story short the fiance's first trip here also to surprise our daughter with the engagement.  His first night with us at the Wynn and our third night the room next to us room 5755 started getting really loud I contacted security and seemed the problem was fixed, at 2300 hours it began again once again I called the front desk and told them I had enough and to send security up once again upon arriving I heard security knocking on the door numerous times however the room was not responding after all the door slamming and partying in the next room they had left and also left the music blaring, the young security guard went to get assistance and I got dressed and was going down to the desk to talk with management about the situation when I ran into the young security guard and an older heavy set security guard I explained my frustration and explained my position and told them if I need to call the local police department then I would, his response to me\"" was I threatening him\""  my response back was no I am making you a promise if you do not handle the situation I will call the local authorities.  They finally got the music turned off but prior to this they were not around for the yelling and door slamming that preceded the room occupants before they arrived.  No matter how much you spend as a guest of this hotel they are obligated provide a nice quiet nights rest not to be hassled with unruly guests that the establishment cannot keep in control.  After midnight I did finally get to talk to management about the situation and told them  about the experience and after hours of trying to get the rude security guards name I did get it, my next letter is to Mr. Wynn so he can send this security guard to remedial training.   I rated them a 2 initially but changed it to a 3 I like the hotel overall just hoping the next 2 nights do not end up like tonight.  Update 2/14/13 today I was contacted by hotel management Sean he manager was sincere and assured me this situation would be handled differently in the future and honestly I believe him this place is first class all the way around and even I will not let one night ruin the entire stay, hope the remaining nights go as well.  Sean, Corvey and the young security guard should be commended way to go team and I appreciate you reaching out to me the next day to ensure me that this was an isolated incident.  Upgraded my rating due to management intervention, the Security supervisor could learn from the rest of the team. Thanks Guys I will be back"
1	"When the Wynn first opened, we LOVED it.  It was laid out like Bellagio and the service was equal to the Bellagio.  (Can you tell that the Bellagio was our benchmark for quality?)  We had decided to switch allegiance.  \n\nThe economy being as it has been, we took 4 long years before we returned to Las Vegas.  We started our gambling at the Bellagio and it was as lovely as I remembered.  We went to the Wynn with excitement....but it didn't last.\n\nThe video blackjack machines were not setup to double down or split.  We were told that we could turn on our service light and a floor manager would come to reset them.  (This is actually something we've done many times before at both hotels).  Normally, it takes just a few minutes to get service.  This time, it took 25 minutes (and we saw 3 managers walk right by).  We decided to leave.  I wanted to give feedback to a manager about our experience.  Two were there and they could not have cared less.  \n\nSometimes places get busy (that was not the case this time) and I understand, but when a customer gives you negative feedback, most businesses respond immediately with apologies and concern.  Businesses can please their customers several times to keep them coming back... but it only takes ONE bad experience to lose a customer forever."
2	"Stayed here last weekend for two nights.\nArrived at 11am, and we were given access to our room straight away. They offered us an upgrade for a panoramic top floor room for $25 a night (which we later got reimbursed via the red club host)\nThe room was a little bit smaller than I expected based on other hotels I've stayed in, but the view made up for it - it was amazing. I loved the fact you could open and close the curtains from the bed too.\nThe bed was so comfy, could have slept all weekend. I never noticed any sound on the Friday night, but on the Saturday night there was a lot of bass sound coming from what  I believe was the night club, even though we were on the 58th floor, but I eventually fell asleep so it wasn't a problem.\nThe bathroom was very clean, I think they may need to get some new towels though, some were super white and some were going a bit grey. The toiletries were really ncie too.\nThe snacks and drinks in the room were super pricey - I so wanted the swedish fish but couldnt justify paying $8, instead I went to walgreens and got a big bag for $3\nAll the staff we encountered during our stay were extremely helpful and very friendly.\nWe signed up for the red card and spent a lot of time (and money) in the casino, hence the free room upgrades and we also got free buffets too. The drink servers in the casino were also super nice and circulated a lot, so you never went thirsty.\nThe casino is super clean and the bars and restaurants in the hotel are all really nice.\nLocation wise you are a bit further down the strip from a lot of the action, but it is nice to take a walk up/down the strip. Yes we walked the 3.3 miles to the Vegas sign one day!!\nOn check out there was a small error with our bill, but when I brought it to their attention it was rectified immediately.\nI'm going back in August and have already booked a different hotel, but in the future I would definitely stay here again, it i the nicest of the 4 hotels I have stayed in on the strip."
1	"It's 3 am and I am writing this review because I 'm wide awake in my room on the 58th floor on the golf course side of the Wynn Tower Suites.  The operator told me the bass beats vibrating and pounding through my walls are due to the nightclub in the casino, 58 floors below that goes indoor/outdoor on weekends.  She said don't worry, it will stop by 4:30 when the club closes.  She offered me ear plugs. SERIOUSLY!  Overall, the hotel is great.  Just DO NOT book your room on the golf course side.  I'm assuming the strip side doesn't have the same problem.  A 5-star hotel this is not, that I can't expect to sleep before the club closes at 4:30 am.  Maybe I'll go join the party...I wonder if they'll comp my admission?"
1	"If you asked me in 2011, I would have given the Wynn 12 stars, easily. My experience there at that time gave me an entire new perspective on Vegas. I will never forget one detail, and I can't begin to describe my trip. In a word, impeccable.\n\nSo fast forward to the week of 3/7/13, my husbands birthday, and it was the total opposite. Starting with the room. There was a major electrical wiring issue in the panoramic suite we were assigned to, and so we were moved (thankfully we hadn't unpacked yet!). Instead of a comparable room, or even an upgrade to a suite for the inconvenience, we were changed to a standard room with a mattress that was YEARS past replacing. Absolutely no support, and it felt so worn out! Our sleep that night (and every night that followed) was restless, fitful, and exhausting. We spent our entire weekend at the resort. I went to the salon and the spa, my husband played a round of golf, and every meal was at one of their restaurants. At SW, we were informed that our reservation was made for the NEXT night, not the one we requested, and the host managed to scrounge up a table at a HORRIBLE spot for us. Instead of apologizing for the mix-up or trying to fix the situation, he made a joke about my husband's age and told us to \""enjoy\"". The meal was fantastic, but we were squished in the middle of two other couples (one of which I'm almost POSITIVE was an escort date), and the other who fought the entire time. The seating is weird. There's a long bench with three small tables on the other side. Not private, not romantic, and certainly not worth a $400 meal. The steak  was fantastic! Too bad we will never be back! The casino bartenders were great, we were never thirsty. My salon/spa experience were great! The only thing that saved the trip from being a complete disaster was the golf. Sure, it was pricey, but it was the first time we actually felt like \""guests\"". Everyone was wonderful, the course was beautiful, and we had an amazing afternoon. The last straw was out last evening, Saturday. The serial nights of not-sleeping were REALLY dragging on our patience, and the exhaustion was so bad that we considered sleeping on the floor, desperate for some rest. The noise from the clubs (we were on the 58th floor) didn't help either. So, at 2am on Sunday, we'd had enough. It was time to go home.\nAt check-out, we expressed our dissatisfaction and disappointment, given the fact that we utilized nearly every amenity available, and would still rate our overall experience as terrible. The clerk, never made eye contact, and his auto-response of \""yes sir\"", became annoying as it became clear that he was used to this, and we were getting nowhere. He took $100 off of our dinner bill, but nothing more. So, at 230am, we packed up the car and drove away. We were saddened, disappointed, and left, pretty sure we would never be back.\nThe WORST part of this? I sent a detailed email to the website, under the section for guest comments, nearly a week ago. Although I received an auto-reply that my email would be addressed, I have yet to hear one word from the Wynn. \nIt is a gorgeous resort, no doubt about that. And perhaps we'd had a series of disappointing events, unreflective of the typical stay. I know my first experience was amazing. So, keep an open mind, but be prepared, just in case!"
2	"I absolutely adored my stay at the Wynn.  If you are looking for a truly luxurious experience when you come to Vegas, I highly recommend you stay here.  The rooms are stunning, the hotel is clean and definitely filled with... classier people for a lack of a better word.  It really gives you the feeling of being royalty, whereas other hotels feel a little more slimy.  \n\nSo! If you are looking to treat yourself, stay at the Wynn.  You won't regret it."
2	"Expensive, but worth it!"
2	"Even though my friends and I just stayed in a regular room for 1 night, we absolutely LOVED IT!  I know it's just a basic room, \""How great could it be?!\""  Collectively my friends and I have stayed at various places Vegas, and I usually don't get excited over a room....But I must say, I really enjoyed staying at the Wynn.  The beds and pillows are SUPER COMFORTABLE, it was like sleeping on clouds!  The room was extremely spacious, and I really liked how the lights/curtains/AC/etc controls were all on one panel (total two in the room), and I thought it was cool how each room had electronic \""privacy please\"" panel to display right outside your door.  The room did not only look fancy, but it really felt fancy, nice, and relaxing.  The pool here was really nice too.\nMy friends and I also LOVED the fact that our room was literally in the middle and super close to all our favorite clubs!  It was so close that we were able to walk in and out of the clubs a couple times to go back to our room (to switch shoes or change) without ANY trouble!\nStaying here we felt really pampered and just really made our trip to Vegas that much more enjoyable  =)\nThe only downfall is my friends and I wish that we could afford to stay here more often!  *cryyy*"
2	"Did stay here but brought my girlfriend to see the hotel and it never disappoints. 1st off let me the most awesome sports book of any casino period! This place is elegance throughout. Incredible garden, fabulous stores and a beautiful casino. My goal is to get my business off the ground, make a good connection here and see what it like to stay here at an above average level. \n\nThis is a very nice casino!"
2	"What a great place! Slots are very lucky here :)"
2	"I appreciate quality and understand that costs money, but HOLY COW!!!!"
2	"I have been to many of the fancy suites in Vegas and around the world.  The Parlor Suite we stayed in last week was incredible.  All the attention at the Suites Tower and the perfection of the room was superb!\n\nAs everything Steve Wynn touches, it is pure perfection!  All the beautiful decor,  great restaurants, the incredible stores, the golf course, spa, and our suite made us feel so special that I am looking forward to coming back again and again.\n\nThe Ferrari museum/dealership and store were incredible-if you're into that kind of stuff (as I am).  \n\nThe best pools of any Vegas hotels.  It's not just a pool area, it's also a beautiful European garden.  Everything is classy and elegant.  The staff are super helpful and friendly.\n\nLe Reve, I've seen it twice now and it's still an amazing show!!!\n\nLooking forward to coming back!!!  Thank you, Wynn!!!"
1	"RIPP OFF !!! they charged for a soup and egg white $45.00 at the casino !!! That is insane. Their staff is rude and impulite!!\nI will never, but never ever, go there again."
2	"I've stayed here multiple times, and love to come visit. I still can't believe I haven't reviewed it yet. This is one of the nicest hotel/resorts around anywhere, and by far the place to be in Vegas. The design, venue, and service are perfect. There are some decent restaurants as well, but they are hit or miss. The rooms are beautifully appointed, but not as large as some other resorts. I would take quality over quantity any day of the week."
2	"Truly lovely,Wynn is a much younger, hipper more relaxing resort than Bellagio or Venetian.  The pool has a unique layout, 2 stories and spread out across a large area with landscaping and plenty of lounges.  I have stayed at Mandalay, Bellagio, Venetian, Monte Carlo, Mirage, TI and would recommend this over the rest."
2	"The Wynn Hotel is a gem in Las Vegas.  The theme is very different from other hotels in Vegas and maybe that's why I love it."
2	"Stayed here during a conference (office paid for it yay). A beautiful hotel indeed. I stayed in the tower suite and it's great. The bed was great, had a great sleep. The room exceeded my expectation, the bathroom was bigger that I expected. Blows me away compared to the hotel from the day before. The staff and service were exceptional. The valet will take some time though (10 minutes wait time, well you can go \""people watching\""). \nAlso free coffee at Tableau every morning from 7AM. I don't gamble so can't  give review on the casino"
2	"Love this place, our room was breathtaking, we signed up a few years ago for specials and were going for a wedding and lucked out with an offer the same time we were going. It was I believe $160 a night for a delux panoramic view, $50 hotel credit, two tickets to the circ show, ext. Whata deal, we never wanted to leave our room! The staff was top notch and beat our expectations. Hope to get another letter soon!!!"
2	"The Wynn Hotel is nice.  Their rooms are always clean, but are on the small side for the steep prices.  What I'm obsessed, absolutely obsessed is with their lunch buffet.  I have to say their buffet is the best on The Strip.  A group of us have taken our time to sample all the major hotel buffets on The Strip, and by far, The Wynn trumps them all. \n\nIf any has any doubt, please try the clam chowder.  I'm in love.  And so is my brother, who when we had our wedding there and hosted a lunch buffet as an event, he decided to stay after the group was finished eating, so that he could eat more.  (Now, this is one skinny guy and I'm not sure how he could stuff all this food down...but he did.)  There's a huge variety of fresh food, from sushi, Chinese, Italian, American, prime rib, seafood, pizza, salad, desserts, cold cuts, soup, and more.  The food is never stale because there's so many people always eating the food. \n\nGet there early, because the lines can get long...or at least be patient, because it's definitely worth the wait!  The long line can be deceiving...the wait can be quite quick!"
2	"One word. Gorgeous.  I parked in self-parking.  There was plenty of it and it wasn't far from rooms.  Also, it was well patrolled.  Every time I came in or out I saw a police cruiser in motion not just parked idly by. Staff at front desk were friendly upon check-in.  Stayed here for a work conference and got a great deal on corporate rate compliments of my company.  Room was ridiculously amazing!  Stayed on the 38th floor so got an awesome view. Everything (drapery, sheers, lighting, AC, etc) is electronic and linked to a remote control that had 2 panels (one when you first walk in by the door and another by the bed for easy access.  The room was huge and the bed extremely comfy.  The bathroom was something out a movie with 2 sinks, separate shower and tub with jets.  I took a bubble bath and almost drowned as it was soooooo deep!  Had to quickly grasp the sides, hold on for dear life and save myself otherwise I wasn't gonna make it!  There was confusion regarding paying for wireless.  I called to confirm it was included only to be told at check-out it wasn't.  After a few minutes of investigating the charges were removed and I was taken care of.  Excellent customer service!  Would definitely stay here again!"
2	"one of our favorite places to stay in LV"
2	"I remember trying to check out the place when it first opened but it was literally impossible since every other tourist had the same idea.\n\nFast forward some years later and I get sent here by work for a conference. Hadn't been to Vegas in a while, and prefer to stay at Mandalay. But my oh my, when I walked into my room on the tower side of the Wynn it felt like the heavens opened when my floor-to-ceiling-to-wall-to-wall shutters automatically opened to reveal a view of downtown from the 36th floor. it was a room that easily would've fit four of the same room I'd just stayed in during my last business trip to Germany.\n\n I did one of those kid freak-outs onto the bed. \n\nFor the room alone I'd go back. The restaurants are great - try Sugar and Ice -, conference space expansive, and just oh so we'll done. I can't truly do this place justice simply because I didn't have time to see it all. \n\nI could've spent all my time just in the room and would've been happy."
1	"I made such a bad decision by going to \""THE BUFFET\"" @ the wynn because of its looks!  I waited in line for almost 45 mins, paid over $30 for a plate. This buffet was a joke in the salad bar area. All they had was ceasar salad :(...... And the only area that really lived up to the buffet meaning was the dessert area!!! Not what I was looking for at 12 noon. This place has more hype than anything"
1	"So there I stayed here for 3 days recently.. The rooms were amazing best I have ever been in! The reason it has one star is because I was there with my husband and every time I would walk away from him In the evening for only a second a prostitute would approach him. A very obvious prostitute! For the price of this place they can afford security. I will NOT come back. It is disrespectful of the guests and me as a paying coustomer"
1	"Clean but it is really just like the Bellagio.  Keep in mind this place does not comp drinks when you are at the tables or on the machines.  A bartender said this was Steve Wynn's idea.  One bright spot is Sinatra's Restaurant.  A class act.  Besides that this place is over price and over rated"
1	"THEFT IN \""PARADISE\"" \n\nI traveled to Vegas for 4th of July weekend with a group. We found a tower suite at the Wynn that worked for us. First, night life at both Wynn and Encore are handled separately from general hotel operations and as a result a premium guest pays as much, if not more than non-guests or passers-by. \n\nTo the main point, while lounging at the Encore pool, someone STOLE my phone, wallet, and shirt.  The security team's response was so slow and PISS POOR that even with a million cameras literally everywhere, they couldn't find our stuff. The response from management has been so sub-par I feel like I would have been better off staying at some rat-hole motel. \n\nThis place is NOT worth the money. Everyone has been totally unprofessional and not a single effort was made to help or accommodate us.  Think twice before staying at the Wynn/ Encore."
1	"We stayed in Encore for two night.\nDefinitely, it' the worst one we ever stayed!\nWe found two blood spots on the sheet when we got up because of the loud noise at midnight. It's not our, so disgusting!!!\nWe called them, after waiting for more then 1 hour, a manger came, it's 1 am! He said he will asked the person in charge of this to contact us. But the next day no one contacted us, we call them again. After a long time  waiting, a officer came. Asked us to write down the complaint. We provide everything he asked and he said the complaint manger would call us soon.\nAfter a whole day waiting, no one called us. We call the complaint office before we checked out. The complaint manger didn't admit it and hinted the blood spots were caused by us. This made us very angry, but we have no time to argue with them, we need to drive for 10 hours back.\nHow bad experience we met in Encore!!! The worst hotel and worst service we ever met, we will never choose Encore and Wynn!\nIn addition, it's noisy in the rooms in one side of the hotel! Hope it will be helpful when you plan to LV."
2	"***CASINO REVIEW ONLY***\n\nCelebrity spotting, Lebron James and Johnny Chan. \n\nClean, elegant and fabulous. \n\nFound my lucky machine, didn't win much but with 5 bucks on a penny slot, I won $30 bucks! Not bad for a penny machine. \n\nClean machines, super friendly and helpful staff and the cocktail waitresses are always there asking you if you need another drank before you finish. =)"
1	"This is a review of the Wynn hotel. Not the clubs or restaurants. I stayed in the Wynn for EDC week. We had 2 suites for 8 days each. Yes I know 8 days in Vegas?!? Damn! So why the 1 star? THEFT in BOTH ROOMS. We come back to our room and notice our shoes had been rearranged. We thought it was weird, considering we left them neat. \n* Board shorts, stolen out of the dirty clothes bag\n* A bunch of Victoria Secret underwear\n* While at our lily pad at Encore Beach Club flip flops stolen.\nThen the hotel concierge hands us these nasty little brown prison looking slippers, and says, \"" Sir, you can;t go in the hotel barefoot.\"" ... \""uh OK! , I wouldn't be effin barefoot if someone in your Club hadn't jacked my flip flops.\n\nSo back home after reporting the 3 incidents of theft and a few days pass. I receive a letter and it has a claim number, no items were ever recovered, And the hotel states that they determines there was no hotel personnel misconduct. REALLY?! THEFT in the room is NOT considered misconduct?The letter closes with, sorry for the inconvenience.\n\nLame, and we will NOT be RETURNING!\n\nHey Wynn, What happens in Vegas doesn't stay in Vegas anymore!\n."
2	"My first stay at Wynn was simply- AMAZING! I can't begin on how intricate and detail the gorgeous interior design is, how hospitable the staff is, and how perfect my trip was from check in to check out. \n\nThe Wynn pool is very relaxing. In our cabana, we were taken care of by Joe who made sure to stop by frequently, which was appreciated. Joe was comfortable with the menu, which made our order much easier. \n\nFood: I ordered the Berry Smoothie with no dairy, using pineapple juice as a base instead of yogurt! Additionally, I had the Garden Pita. The Garden Pita was SO good that I've been making it at home ever since! (Almost a week now!) The Garden Pita is prepared with a variety of fresh veggies stuffed into a fluffy, warm pita along with red pepper hummus. Seriously. SO good! Our table shared a fresh Guacamole, Salsa, and Chips dish that was prepared very nicely. I usually love guacamole more, but the salsa was really really delicious! \n\nThe pool itself was busy but still was quite relaxing. After a short while, we ventured into the European pool hoping to have more fun with the blackjack tables, bar, and topless pool. The tables were good, the drinks were refreshing (I had a non-alcoholic pineapple juice), and the crowd was younger/more exciting. There was only one person who was taking advantage of the \""European\"" experience, but it was a comfortable atmosphere for those who are interested."
1	"The bar doesn't comp drinks. Well, charge us $20.50 for a gin and tonic and rum and coke and we'll go lose $100 somewhere else."
2	"I am in love with this hotel. I love it so much. Our room was decadent, crisp, clean, creamy, and luscious. Bed was the best thing I've ever crawled into. I loved that they laid out our bathrobes and turned on a screensaver of nature shots. This place beat our room at the Bellagio by 2 stars. I was in heaven and I wish I lived at the Wynn (Vegas is gross, though). I visited Tryste, the nightclub, when I was in college, and it was one of my all time best experiences! I also won 9$ at the Wynn.\n\nSteve Wynn's voice is a little weird and intense-- we heard him in ever taxi we got into."
1	"Las Vegas is hot, I wear tank tops and I came here to eat the delicious buffet that I heard greatly of, I've never been so discriminated against.. They told us we had to have shirts so our friends took the cloths off to cloth us, so we go in and I guess because of how we were dressed, they came to us asking us for our recipes as if we hadn't paid they saw them and finally left us alone and we ate in piece"
2	"Just a fabulous experience all around.  The rooms are spacious, stylish, and very clean.  It's seems as though it's near impossible to get a bad view.   I have only one con, you can hear the bass from the nightclub music late at night (though it is nowhere near as bad as some of the reviews make it seem).  Aside from this, you get what you pay for..if it's in your budget, I would recommend staying at the Wynn or Encore.\n\nHere are all the things we loved about the Wynn:\n\n*Customer service-  everyone was friendly and eager to help.\n\n*Food- Tons of delicious food options (will post individual reviews)\n\n*The Bed- Slept like a baby every night in this amazingly decadent bed.\n\n*The clientele- In general, the other hotel guests were more refined than you find at \nother Strip resorts.  Of course there's always a few bad apples though ;)\n\n*The Pool- So lush with amazing landscaping and scenery. \n\nI don't think this is for everyone however.   If all you want to do is sit at a slot machine and eat $0.99 prime rib, you would probably be happier spending less somewhere else.  But if you're looking for some luxury the Wynn is where it's at baby!"
2	"Friends from out of country came to see Vegas, so we decided stay at Wynn. This casino is very impressive, the rooms, the linen, high-end technology, pool, the aesthetic structure designs everywhere. It's a bit pricy but you get what you pay for and we really enjoyed it.  Only thing is why charge for water bottle? Charge a few dollars more with the room and include it."
2	"The hotel ambiance was more for adults than kids. So don't plan to bring your kids here. Service here is pretty fabulous and have good attention to detail. All servers and casino hosts were very helpful and friendly. \n\nLove the entrance with the alley of flowers and architectures. The room even for a deluxe king room was good size, the bed was very comfortable, the bathroom had a his and hers sink :) which I like so much, and the view was spectacular. I was in 60th floor so the noise is minimal. \n\nThe only problem my guy and I had was the shower head needed to be changed and drain needed to fixed since it was draining properly and water pressure was low but other than that our stay in Wynn was amazing and I would stay again."
2	"Ample luxury - rooms are spacious - great powerful showers - brilliant views -  1 button room control best I've seen -- still a little too much ambient light from the lighting control system -- \n\nService is top notch - everyone is outgoing & well trained \n\nRestaurants are not famous reliable brands like Cuts - Spago -- but trying Bartolotta tonight -- breakfast was however supreme at the Terrace \n\nBetter convention facilities that the Palazzo"
2	"Nice people, Wonderful sight-seeing, wonderful hotel name, probably the best service you'll get in Vegas, luxury to its finest. I will be booking my next visit here when I come back to vegas that is for sure!!!"
2	"The whole vibe here just feels right, I love the room we stayed in.. It was so peaceful and elegant! I highly recommend this place to everyone!"
2	"I don't often review but when I do its for very positive or negative experiences. My stay at the Wynn was fantastic. This review is for the hotel rooms, amenities, and staff.  Hotel rooms are by far the MOST quiet room I have ever stayed in on the strip, which is a good thing when you are up most of the night partying. The staff is responsive and accommodating. The pool is great and caters to the relaxing or party scene. Not the best hotel I've stayed in, but by far the best on the Vegas strip."
2	"A very beautiful casino where nothing really goes untouched with Steve Wynn in charge. I dropped in to take a peek at the place and grabbed dinner at the Buffet which was awesome and hand's down one of the best buffet's I ever ate at. The theme of the place is just luxury but at the same time kinda fairy tale it has a different take on your typical casino. Def worth checking out.. Steve set's himself apart from other casino's for a good reason and it's evident in this place."
2	"Love this place! We've recommended to family and friends.  Rooms are extremely clean and they have very friendly staff."
2	"Access to the room elevators are easy to navigate in comparison to some of the hotels if your not staying in a suite with its own marked entrances. The rooms are somewhat small but a lot of bed! They offer unique lighting in the bathrooms for a more romantic lighting at night. The staff for room service are very prompt and friendly. The location of the hotel is just on the cusp of being center to it all and out of the way. The casino is small compared to most on the strip and my luck there has never been good. I do recommend this hotel for anyone who wants a great room at a convenient location to get out onto the strip!"
2	"It's been almost 4 yrs since my original review, time to update....I'm happy to say that it's just as awesome as when I wrote my 1st one.  Through the years it's remained top notch and continues to deliver high quality service and experiences.  All the prior points I made remain the same.  Kudos to the team @ Wynn for consistent delivery of high-end, luxurious service.\n\nReturn Factor - 100%"
2	"I had a chance to walk around this casino, the interior is beautifully designed and the air inside is very clean. A waitress came to take our drink orders as soon as we sat down at the tables, and the drinks were not watered down. Its a long walk from other popular casinos like bellagio, aria and caesars."
2	"Their toilet paper is amazing.\n\nAlso their rooms are nice too. Floor-to-ceiling windows all day."
2	"My very very dear girlfriends wanted us to have the best experience in Vegas for my 40th, so they booked us a VIP suite at the Wynn.  I felt like royalty.  There's even VIP entrance, check-in and pools.  While we were checking in, they offered us water bottles and finger food (well, the latter is a lie haha).  Our room was beautiful and had a great view.  Even the bedding felt great and luxurious.  I didn't want to get off my bed.  The bathroom was about the size of my master bedroom at home.  The swimming pools were so beautiful and not crowded at all.  We didn't have to fight for chairs like other cheap places I've been to such as Hard Rock or MGM Grand.\nThe hotel itself is top notch.  We didn't even have to leave the hotel.  The night club, shopping, buffet, and restaurants were all in one place.  We only left for other amusements that weren't offered at the Wynn.  It's one of the best hotels I've stayed in."
2	"Make sur you soak everything up. Quite a place to discover...\n\nThe Service was just over the top and beats everything else we experienced in Vegas. A great place, not that anonymus like the crowded new In-Spots at the City-Center.\n\nWe stayed for 2 nights and everything was just amazing. We booked short-term and expected to get billed with WiFi, Parking, Resort-fees and so on. But on the check-out, our bill was clean as a white paper could be...\n\nWe felt like very-welcomed guests. Absolutely recommended!"
2	"This place was very posh. Top floor suite was nice. Elevators are fast. Staff was excellent. Bed are comfortable, 2 bathrooms, both w/ TV's the big screen in the main room greets you as you enter, automated controls everywhere."
2	"My husband and I are huge fans of the Wynn Hotel especially The South Tower with its private entrance, pools and Tableau Restaurant. The rooms are extremely plush and the quality is equal to rooms at a Peninsula Hotel or Four Seasons. From the moment you approach the check in desk you are greeted in the most polite, friendly and accommodating of ways. Everyone on the staff is friendly and there to be helpful to all of your needs making your stay the best it can be. We enjoyed all of our meals in the various restaurants, and although we had reservations in other restaurants in other hotels we canceled them. We decided we really enjoy the environment enough not to even leave the resort because it offers everything we could want. The quality throughout the whole Wynn property is excellent. Every time we consider trying another resort on the strip we realize why mess with what's not broken...it's perfect! We travel a lot, all over the world and have stayed at the best of hotels and resorts ( we're both blessed & spoiled) and this comparison is how I'm measuring my experience. If you choose to go & it's a bit more in price it's worth every penny."
1	"I went to this hotel to gamble and the staff was unbelievably rude. I went to sign up for their player's club card, they asked me where I was staying and proceeded to outright insult me. It is a very nice hotel but if you don't appreciate being insulted by classless snobs then stay away."
1	"Stayed at Wynn for my Wife's bday thinking we were going to have the best experience in Las Vegas, especially for the price you pay for the rooms. Well..we were wrong. Their customer service and management sucks. I was not feeling good inside the casino and my wife was having a hard time getting me a glass or bottle of water. Than we spoke to them about the whole incident , it's like they didn't even care. \nYes it is a very nice looking Casino but I would NOT recommend it."
1	"Scam!!!\n\nI paid $440 for two VIP tickets to the Dream that specifically said it includes admission to XS.   But when my girlfriend and I got there, the people in charge said \""we don't honor these, sorry now pay 80.  \n\nI complained, and all they said was too bad! I will report this to consumer affairs and show them  the video of the manager saying \""we don't honor VIP tickets regardless if you paid for them;) \"""
2	"The Wynn casino would be the only five star casino in Vegas and one of the most beautiful casino, You received the five star all the way with a world-class attitude the moment you walk in the door eyes enjoy The beautiful surroundings and color and glamour and all the glitz is here staying here is a delightful experience, The pool is open all year around, With the best service all you're around if you look up at the chandeliers you'll never see a speck of dust can't say much for the other casinos. \""Enjoy\"""
1	"Consider this is a 5 star hotel, I expect top notch service and quality. To my disappointment, it's not on par with my expectations. \nIt's a long walk from the garage to registration. I pass the guest elevator on the way. So after carrying all the luggage to check in, I have to back track to the elevator. Does that make sense? Who designed this place?\nAfter getting to the lobby, I expect big smiles and friendly staff; unfortunately, no. I waited in line for about 30 minutes just to check in. This man name John had this pissy look on his face. He didn't want to explain anything to us and just hands over a piece of paper for us to read about our stay. We asked for a higher floor and he said its not available unless we pay $25 a night for an upgrade that includes panoramic view of Vegas, which we later found out that a higher floor room was available free of additional charge. He just didn't want to give it to us.\nI finally got the room keys and headed to the hotel room, but found out that the bed sheets were dirty and had blood stains. Unbelievable to be experiencing these kind of things at a 5-star hotel.\nAnyways, after the blood stain incident, we got another room. The hotel was not apologetic or anything. We moved to a higher floor, not the upgraded room but just another room slightly higher than the one we were in. That's how we found out there were rooms available at the higher floor without a $25 additional charge. \nWynn's room is very nice and new, but based on my first experience at this hotel, I wasn't very happy with their services."
1	"email to wynn\n\nBAIT AND SWITCH\n\nTo Whom it may concern:\nI am not an individual that goes out of my way to complain, I am actually usually too quick to pay a compliment. What happened to me this past Friday was beyond disrespectful to me to just let it go.\nI received a correspondence from your hotel toward the middle of October with the promotion Trip21.  I utilized this promotion to get two nights, a show and a buffet for my wife and I to celebrate our anniversary.\nI called a total of three times. The first time I called, I inquired about dates, I was told the promotion was good for any day, I chose Friday the 15th and Saturday the 16th with show tickets on Saturday. I said I had to call back to make the final reservation\nThe second call I called asked to speak with the same person, the individual that I spoke with stated that he could help me. I completed my reservation.\nThe third call I called because that same individual charged me for both nights instead of the one. I wanted to make sure everything was ok.\nOn the 15th my wife and I drove out as we intended, we arrived at the Wynn to be told that all the systems were down and we had to wait. We waited over an hour for the systems to come up.\nWhen the systems came up, we were told that our reservations had been made for Saturday and Sunday, and they had only recorded two of the three calls. I asked the people up front to see what they could do and to speak with a supervisor. They at no point let me listen to the tape.\nUp to this point I was not upset, I was just trying to see if someone could help me.  In walks a \""supervisor\"" by the name of Raymond (around 6 o clock). I had just gotten off the road of a 6 hour drive and I admit I was in a sweatshirt and flip flops. Raymond gave me second to explain and said \"" Maybe a cheaper more inexpensive hotel would suit you better\"". That is where I lost it. I asked to speak with his supervisor.  Misha Came and spoke with me and had the tough task of calming me down. She did great even though she was not able to honor the agreement I had made with your hotel. \nAt this point I was a bit calmer, but it was a matter of principle. Anyway, I was able to go to my normal casino, and my rooms were comped, and I played a great deal there and was not made to feel cheap!!\nThis will be copied to Yelp and I am still deciding whether I should go farther than that.  Please advise me of what you are going to do to deal with this employee."
2	"This place is worth every penny. You get to experience Vegas without mobs of people downstairs in the casino. The restaurants are pretty good, the decor is beautiful, and the conveniences are superb. What really made our experience is the customer service - everyone, from the bellhop to the security, was super friendly and helpful. I really appreciate that."
2	"The Wynn is a huge and luxurious hotel.  \nWe came here to gamble a bit and go see Le' Reve.\nThe experience here at Wynn is great.  I might just have to stay here next time I am in Las Vegas.  Lots of lights, sound, and everything."
1	"The hotel would be fine, if it didn't have a casino right in the center and the whole bottom floor didn't smell like cigarette smoke.\n\nOur non-smoking room was completely fine and my oasis from the cigarette smell. They had great amenities and we had a view of the strip. There was great shopping nearby and they had plentiful restaurants. The low rating is for the cigarette smell that is unavoidable downstairs."
2	"Very nice hotel with great service to match. I was always given a hello and help with a smile. The decorum is classier than most area spots."
2	"While I found this hotel very nice I have a caution about the rooms on the hold course side. You can hear the nightclub until 4 am even on the 32nd floor. If you are bothered by noise ask for room on the street side of the hotel."
2	"One of the lost luxurious hotels in all of Las Vegas. Everything looks, feels and is luxurious. The employees are top notch and did everything I requested when we stayed. Looks so gorgeous during Christmas even though everything is Asian themed."
2	"Do people research hotels at all before booking them? I'm really appalled at some of these negative reviews about the cost of staying/gambling/dining here. You're not staying at The Quad. There is no \""Hash House A Go Go\"" here. You're paying a pretty penny to stay here so you should expect nothing but the absolute best and priciest amenities. I apologize for sounding uppity, but it's really common sense. \n\nYes, Wynn & Encore are at the end of the strip. However, I find this part of the strip to be clean, well kept and easy to walk around in without the \""porn guys\"" snapping cards at you. The Fashion Show Mall is across the street with TI/Mirage diagonal and The Palazzo and Venetian across the side street. Everything is within walking distance so you never feel like you're missing out on whatever goes on mid-strip (Hint: drunk people hanging out at Carnival Court or Fat Tuesdays).\n\nMy husband and I have stayed at either Wynn or Encore a total of 10 times in 4 years. Every trip has been an amazing experience. Many people say that a hotel is just for resting your head after a long day, and while that's true, the Wynn/Encore properties make it an unforgettable experience. From the lush decor, to the staff that goes above and beyond to the AMAZINGLY comfortable and clean rooms to the spectacular restaurants. \n\nIf you have the extra money and want an unforgettable Vegas experience, do yourself a favor and stay here a few nights."
2	"One of my favorite places to stay when I am in town.  I have never been disappointed with anything here.  Steve Wynn definitely knows what people desire in a resort."
1	"Disappointed at d buffet for sure.  After 4.5 hrs (included traffic), as hungry as I was, d food was such a disappointment.  W tips included it came out to b $61/person.  D food choices r plentiful but lack of quality.  Just bc it was chopped like Alaskan king crap, it's still snow crab...false advertisement!!!  No bourbon sauce for crepes, bread pudding.  There were ingredients enough to make banana foster but I walked away from d server's disinterested manner.  Overall by far this was d worse buffet I've ever had, even for $30 it'll get no more than 1 star never mind  $60, a total rip off."
2	"We had the chance to stay here at a discounted rate through the Rock 'n' Roll race series, and I jumped on it. \n\nThe Wynn is a gorgeous luxury hotel. It was pretty much everything you'd expect for the price point. Our room was beautiful, the bathroom was a spa-like oasis, and the lobby was one of the classier environs in Vegas. We ate dinner in the hotel one night at La Cave and the meal was wonderful; I have no doubt the other restaurants are also excellent. To enumerate the many, many positives of this hotel would be repetitive of the other reviews.\n\nA few things I'd fix: Housekeeping came early every day (before 11, possibly earlier) and left a sign on our door that they couldn't clean due to our Do Not Disturb sign. We had to call and request the room cleaned every day, and typically it gone done quite late after that. I think it would make sense to make the default cleaning time a little later, especially in a city like Vegas known for late night hijinks.\n\nDespite its beauty, I'm not sure the Wynn casino is a good fit for my tastes. I'm not much of a gambler, and if I do play, I'm probably not betting much money. The Wynn caters to a high rolling crowd. As a result, I found myself going to other, more moderately priced casinos for entertainment. Ditto the shopping; it was fun to window shop at Alexander McQueen and Prada, but I'm not the type of person who's going to actually buy anything there.\n\nI highly recommend the Wynn to you, classy traveler. You will love it. For me, I  might select something a bit less high-brow on my next Vegas jaunt."
1	"I just checked in for a work function.  Despite having a confirmed reservation at the Wynn, I was given a room at the Encore.  Under the same roof?  It's a completely different hotel.  6 acres later, I'm checked in and pissed!  I really dislike Vegas to the core.  I was excited to stay at the Wynn.  Front desk person was respectfully bitchy.  Terribly disappointed with the bait and switch."
1	"This hotel is VERY over rated!!!\nVery poor customer service.  This hotel will nickel and dime you to death!\nThere is a charge for everything!\nUpon arrival, front desk asks for $150 per day hidden charge of \""convenience fee\"".  I booked a 2 night stay and paid for all up-front, including resort fees as I arrived on a Thursday and did not get paid until Friday.  I paid for my entire stay of $850 up front and the front desk would not let us check in our room (even though it was paid in full in advance) until we could pay for the \""convenience fee\"" of $300.  This is like a loan of my money to the hotel!  And the hotel will not reimburse you back your money until 2 days after your stay!\nThere was a $25 charge to use the fridgerator in the room (just wanted to make a bottle of water cold) this will cost the $25 fee!\nThe towels were so badly bleached that they literally stood up on there own and reeked of bleach!\nWe were on a non-smoking floor and someone was smoking in there room as the hall way was so badly filled with smoke that your eyes hurt and your throat was soar the next day.\nWe were offered free Wifi and they make you pay for it up front and then get reimbursed upon check out; had to accept the 13.95 fee on your cell phone to get any reception.\nPart of my reservation had a special that included 2 buffet tickets per day and it is not explained that the buffet was only for Breakfast and Lunch and not Dinner.\nI will never stay here again!\nNor will I recommend this hotel to my friends!\nClearly a case of \""bait and switch\""."
2	"So I've now stayed at MGM, TheHotel at Mandalay Bay, Golden Nugget, and now the Wynn.  I have mixed feelings about my stay.  Obviously the bed was so comfortable that I wanted to buy it in the Home Store.  But instead bought my queen bed at Macys for about 1100 dollars cheaper.   We arrived late and check-in was a breeze.   It was checking out the day after XMAS that took about 30 mins.  The room service was top notch.  Probably the best I've ever experienced.  I'm still dreaming about that lobster the first night i was there.  I just felt like I wanted it to be breathe taking and I was surprised that my bathtub at TheHotel was larger.  I was surprised that there weren't more activities besides the nightclubs around XMAS time.  I tipped 20 bucks to see if I could get a better room but I realized later I don't think it worked.  I prebooked on booking.com months in advance.  The location on the strip I like a lot because you just start walking and not feeling like you're really far and you can hop on the bus.  It gorgeous inside.  I just get the feeling that maybe you get more perks with the towers or the nicer suites.   That maybe just getting a regular room here at the Wynn, can you get a really nice suite elsewhere.  And even for us working people paying 700-800 for 3 nights is a lot (w/o room service included, and the spa) we just want the works.  I'll def be back.  I know my boyfriend who is vegan, was happy to have the options, but felt like it wasn't actually that great tasting of what he tried between Tableau, room service, and the buffet.\n\nDon't get me wrong I'm a fan and had a great time.  I just don't know if we really got our moneys worth.\n\nAnd I hope they put an ice cream parlour somewhere in the Wynn because you have to try their homemade ice cream for room service!!!"
1	"You can read all the good things about this place in other reviews; I'm just writing this to tell you some things I didn't like, in case you also dislike them. \n\nFirst was check in: The line was 20 minutes long and moved sooooo slooooowly. Then the person handling my registration made a rookie mistake and looked up someone else's reservation, making me stand there and make a bunch of changes, and didn't figure it out till I had wasted a good 10 minutes with her. Sorting it all out took another 10. They get an F here.\n\nThe ground floor layout, including the casino and lobby areas, is purposely confusing, designed to make you wander around lost. It took me 2 days to learn how to get where I needed to go. \n\nThe room was nice, with a large window looking down on the city and at the mountains. But I could not adjust the temperature, so it was always too warm in there. The thermostat gave you the illusion you could cool it down to 65, but it never actually went down. Booo. \n\nThe bed was large and comfy, except that there was only a heavy quilt, no sheet, so I woke up in a sweat all night long. (See previous comment about the temperature.)\n\nUsing the TV to check out took too long. And despite entering my email address, I never got a receipt. Oh, and if you make a toll free call from the room phone, thinking it's free, guess again. $1.50 each call. Annoying.\n\nSo now you know what to expect."
1	"Horrible customer service.  I had a bunch of baloney mini-bar charges to my room.  When I called to inquire about them, I got the run-a-round."
1	"I thought I should update my review because the check in process did not go as smoothly as usual. There were long lines to check in, and once I made it there I felt customer service was lacking a little. Every time I tried to address issues I got a schpeil, so it was much like talking to a robot that didnt really have any answers but was giving the default excuse. Also...my tv wasnt working and the manager wasnt going to do anything about it. Their customer service was really lacking this time! Also, I would agree their dining collection needs a revamp. To top it all off...on my last night there they had the place so packed full of convention people that we had to wait it line for 20 minutes to get up to our room. Next time I will stay somewhere else...dont waste your vacation here!"
1	"Definitely the rudest hotel staff I ever encountered. Everyone was rude. The check-in people were rude, the concierge was rude, the maids were rude and intrusive, the restaurant staff was rude, the people who worked at the gift store were rude, and the luggage storage guys outside the hotel were rude. It's like, \""Wow, I'm paying a butt-load of money to stay here and I'm being treated like dirt.\"" \n\nSteve Wynn must not care about keeping his customers at all because I never want to step inside that hotel again."
1	"just got back from a 3 day mid-week stay at Wynn, our first time there.  Nice hotel, great buffet, staff was friendly, all as expected.   The resort fee of $ 25 per day covers the usual (WiFi, gym, pool, etc).  \nMy one complaint:  We went to the pool on a somewhat cool day (mid 60s) to get a little sun.  The main pool is closed for the season (no big deal), but they have the smaller Sunset pool open.  It's a big rectangle shaped pool with 8 large round lounges in the pool, and chaises on all 4 sides of the pool.  Here's the problem: all the lounges in the pool, and all the chairs in the front row are \""Reserved\"".  I asked the pool attendant who these chairs are reserved for...his answer...\""People who pay for them\"".  I told him that my daily resort fee covered pool use. Not so much.\nApparently, if you actually want a chair in the sun, you have to pay extra.  Of the 100+ people at the pool, nobody had paid for a \""Reserved\"" seat.  No extra revenue for Wynn.  What they did accomplish was pissing off every single pool-using customer that was forced to take a chair in the shade.  This is not \""5 Star Resort\"" level customer service.  Next time, we're going back to the Four Seasons.  They know how a high-end resort works."
2	"My gf's and I came here for her birthday. Her bf and his friends had deals for the hotel so I was glad to check it out since I've never been, only for the buffet ;) The inside is real nice and clean. Lots of pretty colorful decorations. Very nice gambling layout. A few nice restaurants and a cafe. \n\nWe stayed at a room, that we got to luckily upgrade to 2 full size beds instead of 1 queen size.  We had a great view and at night it was so pretty. Right as we walked in it was real spacious, good layout and the lighting was real welcoming. I loved the bathroom. The sinks with a vanity in the middle. Perfect for 4 girls sharing a bathroom. And as you enter there's a huge mirror so you can look at yourself from head to toe. That's a plus for us ladies before we head out to the clubs and for selfies hahah. The bed was pretty comfy, which is always a plus. \n\nI went to the gym which is located in the spa area. The gym is a decent size. When you enter you check yourself in. They have towels, water and fruits. There is a few trainers on the floor. in the front is some treadmills and cardio machines. As you walk a bit towards the back there are weights and other machines. The gym was clean and great to get a quick work out session. \n\nService was great! every time we asked for something they brought it up and always called to make sure we got what we asked for. Make sure to always have your room key because there is a worker in front of the elevators that you have to flash your room key to. Wynn is a great hotel and a good mix of people."
2	"Lovely hotel. Staff is professional, helpful, and polite. Hotel is beautiful. People inside are well dressed. Everything in the hotel is just very pleasing to the eyes. Great restaurants inside and the best clubs."
2	"Okay, so I am changing my review of this hotel as I was upset about an admin fee on a return and they sent me an apology as well as refunded my credit card.  I am sincerely impressed by their customer service and I would stay there again."
2	"Absolutely the best hotel in Vegas. ...I've stayed at all top resorts abd and wynn is heads and shoulders above  them all."
1	"My husband and I were visiting from LA for a 2 nights stay at Wynn. During our stay, my husband got a really bad allergic reaction to the sheets in our room. He woke up with bumps and redness all over his body. So I called the front desk to report this problem. The security guy came to our room in time and they called  paramedic for us. The paramedic crews gave my husband a shot and he felt better after that. Then the security told us they will have the sheets changed for us, we asked for a new room since we do not feel comfortable in that room. When I was picking up the new key in the front desk, (Holly is the one who helped me, she is really nice and helpful) I talked to the hotel manager Shawn. After I told him my husband felt extremely uncomfortable about the allergy and it might be allergic to the sheets in our room.(My husband never had allergic reaction before). He tried to push the responsibility of this incident, he said \""I have allergy too, I am taking pills. Your husband's reaction may not be related to our hotel and we have no control about allergy \"" He was very polite to me but every sentence he said is about \"" my husband's reaction is nothing related to the hotel.\"" Then I tried to explain to him that my husband has a meeting tomorrow morning in LA, but we may not drive four hours back under my husband's physical condition. So we may extend one more night of our stay in Wynn. He said it is fine to stay one more night,  but hotel is not responsible for the charge. I told him we are already facing a loss since my husband had to cancel the meeting which is really important. I did not blame the hotel for the allergy, but I need a proper solution to the problem that we have during our stay. And I quote what he said to me \""we have over 5000 guests everyday, we cannot give complimentary stay due to guests' PERSONAL ISSUES, I hope you understand my hands are tight. If you have more question you should contact guest claim department since they are PROFESSIONAL\"" I was really disappoint to his reply but since my husband was still waiting for me in the room, I decided to pay for the extra night and let my husband rest well(he was very tired and dizzy after the shot). Then I told Shawn I need the hypoallergenic sheets in my new room, he said he will contact house keeping department immediately to change them. When we got into the new room, my husband lay down because he was so dizzy and uncomfortable, we assumed that the sheets have already been changed. After 20 minutes I received a call said they will have someone to change the sheets and towels, I said okay and told my husband to get off the bed immediately since we did not know those sheets were not hypoallergenic. Unfortunately he started to have more reaction on his skin where touched the sheets and pillows(face and upper arm since he was wearing t shirt and pants)  We sat on the sofa waited for more than one hour for the hypoallergenic sheets to come, then I asked Holly to contact security again since my husband felt worse over time The paramedics came again and suggested my husband to take some antiallergic pills which are sold in the shop downstairs. The housekeeping lady changed the sheets and towels AFTER 2 hours we moved to a new room. After the paramedics left, I called Holly to ask Shawn come to my room so he can see my husband's condition. Shawn called me back said he couldn't come to our room at the time since he has a MEETING afterwards. I told him we were very disappointed for their response since we have to wait so long to get our sheets changed in our new room. He told me that because I said my husband was resting so they do not want to disturb us, and the hypoallergenic sheets required time to prepare.  In fact, the housekeeping department already had my permission to change those sheets, they just never came. I told Shawn I was tired of all the excuses and lacking of attention, and I needed guest claims department to contact me ASAP. When the lady from guests claims contacted me ( I believe her last name was Matthew, could be wrong) she kept question me what do I want him to do over and over again, I told her everything had already happened and they did not gave me any options since the beginning. She said she is sorry that they disappointed us, but she could not gave us a free night of stay and they could not control allergy reactions. Then she questioned me why did my husband laid down when he knew the sheets were not changed. WHO THE HELL WOULD DO THAT! The attitude she gave me made me feel so cheap that we could trade my husband's health for one free night of stay. Then she kept telling me that because I said my husband needs to rest, so they would not disturb us to change the sheets, and the hypoallergenic sheets need time to prepare. But the truth is we reported the allergic reaction around 11 am. The sheets were actually changed around 3:30 pm. MORE THAN 4 HOURS TO PREPARE THE DAMN SHEETS?C the update for the rest of story"
2	"The landscaping of this hotel is beautiful. I love the trees and plants around which gives it a very refreshing ambiance. The hotel is pretty spacious and love the fact that it's not as crowded like other hotels. The rooms are spacious and when you get a high floor, view can be quite nice. The only downside is the shops aren't as many and there aren't as much restaurants to pick from. Also, they are very strict and giving you extra blankets and bed in the room which I found quite weird. Other than that, I don't mind giving this hotel another shot."
1	"First off I feel very weird here. It's like they hide trash cans because they look bad... That's the dumbest thing ever... Oh wait... I just paid $11 to each someone microwave old Mac n cheese for me! And they don't even try and hide it. \""The Cafe\"" is really the opposite. The workers are so happy because of the \""Wynn\"" way! I asked if that was my meal being scooped out of container Awkwardly as if it was breaking concrete. \n\nHonestly, if your by yourself, there's 0, yes ZERO realistic quick food options. \n\nThis place needs more... Way more!"
1	"If you want a good nights sleep don't stay here. Really. Don't stay here. When we walked into the hotel we were amazed by the inventive beauty of the lobby, the beautiful fresh flowers, the eye to design detail. When we checked in the lovely woman at the front desk suggested that we upgrade our room to a higher floor because it would be quieter. So we did. We went to our room on the 59th floor and were amazed....it was a spectacular room. As we walked in we turned the lights on and with one switch the lights went on and the drapes opened automatically, displaying an amazing view of the golf course. So far so amazing! There are three of us in our family and I thought it was strange that they had only two bed options...a king size or two DOUBLE beds. No double queen beds. I thought that was a little strange. Who doesn't have double queens? Who, in this day of comfort, uses double beds?\n\nWhen it came time to go to bed we hit the switch from one of the automatic lighting panels to turn all lights off, and the lights didn't go off. There were red lights shining down on the two pieces of art. There were three red spot lights shining down from the ceiling that would not turn off. Then there was the control panel that was lit up like the dash board of a 747. The only control panel that went dark was the temperature panel. The other four were shinning brightly.  There was a red spot light in the hall way that would not turn off. Seriously. I s#*t you not. Have you ever heard of such an amazingly awful thing in a hotel room? We sleep in a totally dark room. It's been proven to provide a deeper, mor complete sleep. I can not freaking believe that a hotel would go to such lengths to create such a beautiful space without paying any attention to the comfort of the client. And the beds were extra firm mattresses. So uncomfortable. \n\nAnd did I mention the disco beat that we could hear all night long? Yes, it's true. It was a constant and continual beat. All night. No wonder she encouraged us to upgrade our room. I'm so glad we did. \n\nWe stayed at the mirage the night before coming to the Wynn and had an excellent experience. The room was not fancy, but the beds were comfortable and the room was dark! \n\nDo not EVER stay at the Wynn I'd you want to sleep. And when in Vegas, you do need at least a few hours of complete down time!"
2	"I love the Wynn. The staff, rooms and whole experience was great. They have good bacon too. I paid a lot for coffee at their cafe and it was made wrong, but the lovely young man, Dejaun, fixed it promptly and made me feel valued. I would def stay here again and hopefully get to golf their one day."
2	"Wynn Sweet Wynn...Personally, I feel It's the only way to do Las Vegas right. Your one stop destination that offers only the best of Vegas (Luxury, gaming, entertainment, dining, day pools, spa treatments, nightlife and beautiful people.). \n\nIt's worth the splurge every now and then. If you're on a budget, join their Red Card membership and take advantage of their frequent specials. Weeknights are affordable. Weekends rates are definitely eye openers, if you're not a so called \""baller\"", but if you book smart online it's attainable. \n\nThis world class hotel sets the bar by far and will lead you to wanting more of that Steve Wynn experience."
1	"This hotel isn't a good place for someone who doesn't drink or gamble, it's confusing and it was difficult trying to get our bags up to our rooms or to find the check in counters from the self park. The rooms were large and comfortable,  the view was of the car park so was pretty crappy, you can't use the fridge to keep any drinks cool as they will charge you if you do (I guess they want to encourage their customers to use the bars). The resort fee is a ripoff we didn't even use the pool because it closes so early so $75 for 3 days of internet (an hour a day of actual use) is a joke.\n\nThe hotel seems to care more about it's encore and casino guests rather than the wynn guests. Service is not great and the buffet breakfast is of low quality (more about variety), not worth it, save your money and go to a cafe outside the hotel.\n\nWe wanted to use the bathtub on the last night but when we filled it we noticed gross things floating on top like body hair and fluff! So disgusting and when I  told the reception at check out he just said sorry, not good enough for a $300 a night room! Educate your staff to deal with issues better. I didn't enjoy my stay and I'll warn anyone against it, so hyped up over nothing. Maybe it's enjoyable if you are drunk or have never stayed in a nice hotel before."
2	"my family stayed here for a business trip may 12-16.  wow is worth 5 stars!   when we finally made it to self parking we had no problem making our way to the registration desk.  why?  i'm sure we looked lost and the wynn employees with purple jackets were more than helpful.  they directed us to the front desk.  amazing!\n\nthe staff at the front desk were amazing.  i loved the service.  my only issue was deciding on not paying $15 per entry for the fitness center.  i ran up and down the strip every morning at 5 am for free.\n\nthe room was amazing!  it was almost too nice for a family with 2 young boys to stay in.  lol.  the room was amazing.  the huge window view of the strip was amazing.  the bed was probably the best part of my business trip!  i loved how with a push of 1 button we were able to turn everything on or off.\n\nthe restaurant choices in the wynn was amazing.  we are able to enjoy the buffet too.  \n\nwe don't gamble and even if we did we probably couldn't afford the minimums at the tables.  lol.  we lost our car keys and had no trouble being directed to the lost & found and we retrieved our keys.\n\nthe pool was amazing for the family.  and for your information european  sunbathing is available at the wynn.  lol.\n\nthe wynn is probably not the best place to take the family with small kids.  i'm sure there are far better options for young families."
1	"I've been here over 20 times. I even brought friends! I've lost at least two thousand each time. My friends a $1000. I'm not coming back . Embarrassing!!!! At least let us play!!! This casino takes ur money within 20 min. Most casinos let u enjoy the night if u spend that much. This one sucks it up!!! Don't go!!!"
2	"One of thee most beautiful hotels EVER!"
2	"I will be short ..Best in class all the way..Steve Wynn. Style. Expensive you get what you pay for.Single twenties thirties..try Encore.One star less  pool overcrowding.lots of encore guests use Wynn pool. Otherwise savor and enjoy,,Employees top notch."
1	"A few years ago I went to XS Club and loved it that I planned to celebrate my birthday there the following year.  Not wanting to deal with the hassles of getting hooked up to the club, I decided to make reservations for one room at the Wynn Hotel.  I was told that as a guest, I would be able to purchase tickets for the club.  On the big day of my birthday, with 7 friends and family in tow, we headed to the concierge to buy tickets.  They would only allow us 4 tickets per room which meant I couldn't buy tickets for the remaining 4.  We asked if we could ask any of their guests if they would be willing to let us buy tickets from their room, which they were fine with, however it came with a catch.  They had to be charged to the room.  At that point, we didn't feel confident asking guests this favor even though we had the cash to pay for them, especially when we spent the last 30 minutes pleading to the concierge, which is a joke.  These fancy hotels and their fake concierge services are just people selling you tickets.  They can't hook you up, they can't work around their \""system\"", and are completely inflexible, despite the fact this was my birthday!!  This really bummed me out because I had planned for this event for months and made several calls to their reservation and concierge service, and they assured me that I would be able to get into XS Club.  No one ever mentioned that there was a limit per room and that they had to be charged to the room.  How INCONVENIENT is that??!!\n\nTo make matters worse, I lost my camera at Tryst the previous night.  I came by the club the next day and asked security to see if they would let me so I can look for it.  They gave me the run-around, sent me to Lost & Found, asked me to talk to their managers who were no help at all.  I returned back to the club and pleaded with security to let me look for it, and they just gave me a bunch of excuses. That camera held thousands of photos from my trip to Northern and Eastern Europe which I completed before I headed to Las Vegas for my birthday.\n\nHence my entire birthday was ABSOLUTELY RUINED!! Everybody on their staff from the concierge to security was ridiculously USELESS!!  I was almost in tears having lost my camera containing memories from a once-in-a-lifetime trip to Europe with my aging parents, and extremely upset over the fact that I was not fully informed of their ticket purchasing policy, and how inflexible every single person was.  Not one person had any compassion about my plight and just kept telling me, it's their policy.  Yes I understand the merits of policies and you have to have them to have structure and order especially running a huge establishment, but I think it's fair to say, my situation was an extenuating one.\n\nMy friend filled out an online survey complaining about the issues we had and received a reply from Brett Rubin who responded apologizing for the AWFUL SERVICE. He wrote that \""Please be assured that your comments have been shared with our management team and will be reviewed with the highest regard\""  but no steps were taken to redeem the situation. I then wrote a letter to the President, Marilyn Spiegel and never heard back as well.\n\nI read almost every single review and most are positive with remarks about the comfort of the beds, the luxurious rooms, the beautiful architectural designs, cool clubs, etc.  However, the negative reviews all have to do with POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!  One reviewer wrote about a rude black jack dealer, another about being with his family and how they were mistreated at the restaurant, and the list goes on and on and on.\n\nYes, they score high with their aesthetics and amenities, but they SUCK when it comes to taking care of their patrons, when they have PROBLEMS.  Of course the staff is friendly to you, but when you have a problem, they have no idea how to help you out or solve it, without resorting to, \""it's our policy.\""  I'm sorry, but that's just another way of saying, \""it's not my problem.\""  Yeah, you're right it isn't your problem that I lost my camera but when you don't allow me the opportunity to double-check your facilities and trusting that your own cleaning crew won't steal a camera they see is ignorant and negligent.  Secondly, their staff misinformed me about buying tickets to your club.  Each time they assured me that entry will not be a problem being a guest in the hotel.  I might as well stayed somewhere cheaper like the Trump Hotel of Hard Rock Hotel where I still get the luxuries the Wynn has, and bribe the freaking doorman to let me and my friends in, or show boobs!  I just didn't want to deal with that crap and decided to go the safe way, and that still didn't work out.\n\nIn closing, provided that you don't run into a problem then you may have a good experience.  But if you do have a problem, just remember, \""it's our policy\"" to not [fill in the blank.]\n\nBTW, Yelp won't allow me to give ZERO STARS so I was forced to give it one!"
2	"I loved staying here. The rooms are modern and chic. The view is pretty amazing also. The food in general tastes better than Paris Las Vegas and Bally's. There's free, good wifi in the public areas of the hotel. Everybody on staff are courteous and helpful.\n\nThe only issues are that you have to pay $16 for wifi in your room for each device (but it's like that in every large Vegas hotel I've been to. At least this place is free downstairs), and it does smell like cigarettes everywhere. Also, some of the guests staying on the non-smoking floors don't care and smoke there anyway."
1	"For such a nice hotel you would think there customer service would be up to par. Upon check in the staff was suppose to have in room surprise amenities awaiting my wife which they were not.(set up a week in advance) There form of an apology was a \""room upgrade\""... Same room just a few floors higher. The T.V did not work and neither did the in room movie service. There excuse was there are thousands of rooms and they can not keep them all working all the time. Nothing was offered for that. At adult pool apparently all the front row chairs are reserved for cabanas. Which is fine but make sure they are marked. We had a cabana waitress come over and yell at my wife to move because we did not have a cabana. Not even a please just yelled at her to move. The chairs she was sitting in were not marked in any way. All they had to eat at the pool was pre packaged sandwiches and when you are allergic to certain things it makes it pointless. I was so taken back on this trip. Upon checkout and speaking to multiple people no one even cared. They got our money and they were done with us. It was our first Time staying there and we will not be going back. Should have stuck with the Bellagio which we are use to and will stay there from now on!! They had me fill out a comment card... Like I will ever hear anything back on that one what a joke."
2	"I wish I could live here. All their rooms are suite styled and are very spacious. The beds are super comfy and I like how the drapes are electric and the lights are controlled by this iPad looking like remote. \nSuper convenient if you plan on going to xs, surrender, and or encore beach!"
1	"My wife and I recently stayed at Wynn to celebrate our wedding anniversary. It was a two night stay that we had looked forward to for months.  We booked the room directly with the hotel and told them we were celebrating our 18th wedding anniversary.  In the past, at other Las Vegas hotels, we have enjoyed upgrades or some little nice acknowledgement of the happy occasion.  One time we received a little hand written note from the GM wishing us the best.  I can't imagine that cost anything but we appreciated it. Wynn did nothing. I've never seen it before but about a month after I booked the room I received an email pushing upgrades for my stay.  I thought it was interesting they were still trying to upsell after I had said no over the phone.\n\nI don't care much for the d\u00e9cor of Wynn.  I'm not into red and it is definitely more contemporary than the classic looks I'm normally drawn to in other 5 star properties. At check in we had a distracted un-interested & emotionless front desk clerk.  Its was a surprisingly bad first impression.  I don't understand this given that we are in a great mood due to the occasion.  You'd think it would be easy to interact with a happy guest.  I mentioned once again we were celebrating our anniversary and asked if she would give us a free upgrade. She said sorry she could not do that and proceeded to take out a folder with paid upgrades starting at $25/night.  She does this in front of my wife and embarrasses me to no end.  I'm thinking to myself... What I'm not paying enough right now for the hotel room, taxes and resort fees? $25 is cheap but I know I will be dropping a couple $1000 over the next two nights on food drinks and gambling.  Why do you want to ruin our good mood over $25?\n\nOn the upside our room was great: clean spacious and well appointed.  Nothing better or worse than the other great properties in Vegas.  The staff we encountered around the hotel were incredibly friendly and helpful.  We ate in the hotel several times including a memorable visit to Mizumi.  The Buffet was very disappointing but everything else was quite good, even the over priced drinks at the pool.  Check out was just as disappointing as check-in with an equally non emotional monotone speaking front desk clerk.  \n\nI wrote a letter to Wynn expressing our concerns with our stay. We received a half hearted response so they must not see a problem in all this."
2	"So glad to be pulling up to my favorite hotel and casino. I know everything will be just right. I'm always treated right customers are always first at the Wynn properties, the rooms are awesome, perfect for extra guest to sleep over, ok enough we are getting ready to check out some strip clubs."
1	"The reason for this one star review is because there is NO possibility of sleep at this hotel on the weekends and they simply don't care. It is 3:23AM as I write this with front desk informing me it will last till 4:00 AM. \nLike many who come here for conventions - this is deeply disturbing when one must get up early for work - and to pay high Vegas rates for a top property."
1	"Stated here once awhile back and the hotel itself is very nice. But the sheets had a blood stain on them that looked like dried up period blood. When calling the front desk they offered 120 bucks back on a room that cost 500. Yea I'll never stay here again!"
1	"The Wynn, arghh, I'm torn between the fact that this is one of the top 3 resorts in Vegas out of the 12 I've been too for ascetics, food, comfort etc., but the freakin Night Club that is right outside most of the suites runs until 4 in the morning with a DJ and speakers outside! Okay I like to dance but not when I'm trying to sleep. Hear is where it gets worse. After the first night I asked to move and was told there was no where to move that was more quiet and we had to just bare it. Are you kidding me! We've travel to 4-5 star resorts around the world. Typically resorts get rating that high because the value the experience of their customers. Not the Wynn! They are throwing a party and if you do not like it (or want to sleep before 4am), then you are forced to leave the hotel- which is ridiculous. \nNow you might be thinking I might be a lame person, but when I stated I was unhappy at the front desk I realized I was next to someone with the same complaint. FYI I am 32 and like to have a good time the guy next  to me was within a few years of me. I looked at him and said, \""difficult night?\"" He said that he left a club at 1am sick and when he got back to his room at the Wynn the music was so loud in his room he felt like he was in the club and got no sleep. \nHow many people even fit in that club. They are catering to a few hundred guests , keeping many more up to 4am with a nightly club. Simply ridiculous! I'd stay at A number of resort before this one."
1	"I tossed and turned all night in my room due to the LOUD, LOUD, LOUD music. If not for that, I would give this place a five star rating. The rooms kick luxury up a couple notches to just delightful. The restaurants are all terrific. The shops are wonderful. But after a terrific night you go to your room and all you hear is thump, thump, thump, thump... and when you call downstairs they say, sorry, it will be that way until 4AM. At 2AM I asked for a fan, which came at 3AM (at that point I was so pissed I just took it and didn't tip the person). Really a shame - such a beautiful location, but if you want to go to sleep before 4AM they don't want you here."
1	"The Wynn is pretty but her sister hotel, Encore is way more beautiful from their rooms to their casinos and restaurants.  The Wynn needs to change their towels. They're no longer soft.\n\nWe have reservations to one of their fine dining restaurants one evening. I asked the concierge if she could help me get a waterside table for dinner.  She just said there is no guarantee and to just talk to the receptionist at the time we get to the restaurant to make a request.  She also said that it \""will not help if i'm nice\"" to the receptionist. I thought that was a weird thing to say. In other words, the concierge was useless.  She did not even make an attempt to help me or make a call or something.\n\nI will not go back to Wynn Hotel."
1	"This hotel does not honor your reservation and they will do nothing to make amends or give you the requested room.  \nWe booked a double non-smoking and they gave us a smoking double room.  I had to request a change 4 times.  Read the reviews on tripadvisor and book a different hotel."
2	"I had a girlfriend come to visit and she stayed at the Wynn last night.  She invited me over for a visit and we had the best service!  The bars and casino area are extremely clean and beautifully decorated with the nicest staff!  \n\nLater that night we went up to her room to chat and she was locked out.  Her key card did not work so she called for help from the house phone.  A very young, very accommodating, night manager came to the rescue within minutes.   We did not have to wait outside of the room for long.  I was surprised that a young manager cared so much to help out himself instead of sending someone who may have taken longer to let us into the room.  I'd say this hotel is the best in Las Vegas with the nicest staff from A-Z!"
2	"After a fun night out in vegas. It wouldn't be complete after a cheap steak dinner at Ellis Island hhahahaha"
1	"I am astounded that after 137 reviews Ellis Island has an average of 4 stars......\nYes -  they have $2.00 draft beers\nYes -  they have a steak special .....\nYes - they have ribs .....\nYes - they  have that old style vegas feel .... sort of\n\nbut then again .... many, many other locations in Las Vegas have similar specials, with a much better atmosphere.\n\nTry Ellis Island:\nIf you like your clothes smelling like a cigarette factory .....\nIf you like derelicts sitting at the bar next to you ....\nIf you like service that is super slow ......\nIf you like bathrooms that look they were cleaned a month ago .....\nIf you like a security service that is totally useless .....\n\nIs that the old vegas feel you want when you get away from the strip ??\n\nPerhaps my feelings are clouded by the fact I got my wallet lost/stolen at the bar in Ellis Island a few years ago.\nBut then again, I guess that is the \""Old Style Vegas\"" atmosphere.....\n\nI thought I might be harsh on the \""island\"" after my wallet experience, so I got talked into going once again. \nYes - $2.00 drafts\nYes - all of the prior experiences were present .... smoke, degenerates, filthy restrooms ......\n\n\nTrust me - there are plenty of places you can go that offer the same as Ellis Island.\n\nThen again - I guess you get that \"" quality experience\"" you pay for."
1	"After a long night of clubbing, we were up for some breakfast at 4am.  While hailing a taxi cab, our attendant convinced us to go to this place (instead of another we had in mind).  Big Joe told us it was the best place to get some steak and eggs.  Well Big Joe, you were wrong.\n\nGranted, the food was decent.  The eggs weren't dry, and with a little salt and pepper, it made it just right.  Potato pieces always a plus.  I ordered my steak medium rare, which usually let's my meat be just the right texture - not too dry, and not too bloody.  Well, my meat was a bit on the dry side, so one can only imagine if I had even fathomed to order my meat well done.\n\nThen again, you get what you pay for.\n\nMy main complaint about this place was the service we received.  After a long wait to get our food (maybe I'm too used to the fast service I get in California?), we finished our food, and waited for the check.  I guess I'm used to getting the check before I'm done eating.  But we waited.  And waited....................... AND WAITED.\n\nWe tried asking the hostess for the check, but she just rudely stated she didn't know who our server was, and she simply couldn't help us.  From what I could see, there were only two servers at the time, so how hard was it to figure it out.  If the first one said no, THEN ASK THE OTHER!  And yes, we did try to get our waiter's attention.  Luck had it that he was serving two large groups.\n\nHowever, that is not an excuse for a good 30 minute long wait (or at least what felt like 30 minutes) for our check.\n\nReady to go to sleep, exhausted from a night of clubbing and suffering from a food coma,  we decided to do the right thing and leave money on the table before we left.  Yes, that's right, we never got our check.  At least we had the decency to leave money for our meal.  I know we could've just walked out and left, but we took the high road.\n\nWell, except for leaving this one star review that is."
2	"This place serves huge platters of food for a super cheap deal! I love it! There was a restaurant area where they serve $6.99 steak, and they also had a bbq area with ribs and chicken. the combo deal is 1/2 rack of ribs. 1/2 a chicken (literally), corn on the cob, cole slaw, beans, and bread for $8.99!! talk about an insane deal! and the food was so good too =)\n\nthey also have all the cheap slot machines for those who like to gamble but not become flat-out broke and a karaoke place. it's run down looking and old, but that's old school vegas for you, and for good food at that price, you really can't complain.\n\nmy only gripe is that we waited to be seated for the bbq place for almost 2 HOURS. granted we went during the peak dining time, but still!!!!! we weren't bright enough to get a number for the restaurant too until an hour and a half into our wait, so it was our fault for starving ourselves i suppose. the restaurant line was moving wayyyy faster than the bbq one. but i loved my bbq food i got so it kinda made up for most of the wait time. next time i just have to remember not to come at peak hours. but come back definitely i will~!!"
2	"Once again, they never disappoint... I gotta give them kudos for consistency.  $6.99 for a decent steak, veggies, potatoes w/ salad or soup and a beer or root beer that they make.  It just doesn't get any better.\n\nThe only negative is the wait.... which I have discovered how to bypass.  Just take the number they give you and give it back to them w/ a greenback under it.  I usually give $10, there is a young girl there usually that knows the dealio.\n\nSo far, the BEST deal in Vegas I would have to say..... the $7.77 steak n shrimp special at Mr. Lucky's in the Hard Rock is a close second.\n\nThe coolest thing is that none of these 'SPECIALS' are on the menus......"
2	"I can never pass out  the $6.95 steak deal. Certainly one of the places to check out if you're traveling on a budget. You have to ask for it, as it is not on the menu. For that price you get a 10 oz. steak, potatoes, veggies & a tall glass of their beers or root beer. The steaks I've had so far have been of good cuts. The level of attentiveness from the wait staff can be spotty, although most of the time it's pretty good. The cafe is in an older casino, nothing glitzy. But for value, it's a very good one."
1	"4 stars for this place??? U GOT TO BE KIDDING!  at most they deserve at 2.5.  \n\nI came here last friday night thinking it would be super good since all the reviews here on yelp.  Aside from the super long wait for a table, you have to wait real long for your food too.  We waited about 45 minutes and had to leave cuz we needed to catch a show.  \n\nAfter our show, we came back at around 11:30 pm, still had to wait 30 minutes for a table.  It's not like they didnt have tables, they were short staff i guess cuz the other section was closed.  I was disappointed by the food and the restaurant.  It's not worth the wait at all.\n\nThe wait staff are nice though...2 stars for the friendly waitress."
2	"If your looking for good food,cheap prices and good service, OPEN 24/7:you've found it here at Ellis Island. \n\nMOST times your gonna have to wait awhile to get seated but its worth it.\n\nTHe eggs were cooked perfectly-FRIED MEDIUM-the Ham was tender and sweet.\n\nThe burger was good. A solid Casino burger BUT nothing spectacular.\n\nThe chicken Fried Chicken Steak was Outta this world-juicy,crispy and great gravy.\n\nGood Coffee,Reasonable Prices and Solid Service make this a place to frequent. \n\nBe sure to Try the BBQ & Brewery- NOT Open til 4pm."
2	"during my last visit to sin city, i didn't fly into vegas until 10pm. by the time i checked in, it was past 11pm. we decided to look up some decent, cheap sit down places to eat via our phones. this place came up, and decided to give it a try. it's not directly on the strip, but not too far from our hotel. parking here is great because you don't have to spend 15 minutes going through a garage and find spaces. what i like about this place is they have a $6.99 steak special. the quality of the meat isn't the grestest, and you may need to bust out with a-1 sauce, but it's cheap. you know what else is cheap? their beer! $2 for beer cannot be beat! our waiter was a really cool guy who hooked it up. i would say the food is just ok, but the price is awesome! nice place to get away from the strip as well..."
1	"This review is only for karaoke:\n\nI LOVE dives and karaoke.  Do NOT take this 2-star as a misunderstanding of the function of dive bars or karaoke, and do not doubt my love of both.  \n\nI got there with a big group of friends at midnight on Saturday (of Labor Day weekend), signed up for karaoke, and was told it would be about an hour before I could sing.  Sweet!  The bar and tables are CHEAP, so no problem there.\n\nHere's my problem:  the karaoke MC is a douche. The bar tenders and other patrons in the bar were SUPER NICE, but yeah.  Here's what happened:\n\nLike 4 times he said  \""We've got  [ so-and-so ] on now, then Genevieve, then [ some other name ]\""   And somehow another name would magically get announced before mine.  I was \""next\""  . . .  at least 5 times. It was only when one of my friends went up and asked if I'd ever get to sing that he FINALLY put me on.  \n\nTHEN I was holding my drink while singing (as I like to do) and in the middle of my song he yelled  \""Hey - set your drink down!\""   Excuse me - I am busy rocking the house, which is what I did, thank you!\n\nWhatevs - I had fun DESPITE all this but it did not add to my good time. There's GOT to be better karaoke in Vegas and the next time I'm there, I will find it.  Oh yes.  It will be mine."
2	"At first look, this off the strip, old casino looks a bit seedy.  Inside is very small, but very crowded.  The craps table there cracks me up, it's half sized and really little.\n\nBut if you're looking for the best combination of value and taste for steaks and prime rib, I highly recommend the restaurant here.  We found out about this place from some local Vegas friends and I must say it didn't disappoint.  The prime rib was cooked to perfection and the beer and root beer, brewed on site is really tasty."
2	"** this review is for the restaurant**\n\nThe Ellis Island restaurant is the epitome of cheap but good eats in Vegas. It's located off the strip but not unreasonably far from the Paris/Bally's area. We already heard about the great deals they had on meals but when we saw the sign for a $6.99 sirloin steak dinner with a BEER while driving into the parking lot, it was like a dream come true!\n\nWe eagerly waited for our number to be called while playing some slot machines and that only took around 35 minutes. The crowd in there was comprised mostly of senior citizens and families but we didn't mind! Our server, Jorge, was so wonderful and nice which earned him extra tip money!\n\nOk, so I thought that maybe my meal would just come with a dinky steak and a tiny glass of beer for that price but boy was I wrong! The meal also came with a choice of salad or soup, a side of garlic green beans, and either a baked potato, mashed potatoes, or fries. The sirloin steak was a massive 10 oz too!! That's unheard of! The beer also came in a tall pint size glass and I only drank 1/4th of it. haha Jorge was kind enough to switch my amber ale to the light lager at no cost since it was too bitter...thanks Jorge! (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=VMGabUn6LbE-O-gPJoKmhQ)\n\nThe side salad was nothing special...just a bed of lettuce and shredded carrots plus croutons. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=kgpQGG1vNftJZdY9dnRNkg) My cut of meat was cooked perfectly to medium rare...it was so juicy and tender. The green beans were tasty with a hint of garlic flavor. The baked potato was great too with some butter and sour cream to top it off! (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=-Asg4AY1pRLwMNMAKwbWlw) Needless to say, I devoured most of my food but not my beer unfortunately. Definitely worth the wait and drive/cab ride out here!"
2	"The BBQ is really tasty as agreed upon by our crew made up of people from KC and Carolina. The beer is a little weak but flavorful and it is brewed on premise.  I didn't care for the beans and the cole slaw was unremarkable.  Get there early as they don't have very many tables and unlike most places in Vegas, they close early."
2	"This place is quaint and cozy. I just reserved my room at the super eight hotel next door just to be closer to the 6.99 sirloin steak dinner. Less than 15 bucks for two people to eat steak dinners, w a baked pitato green beans, salad w homemade dressing and when i went a complimentary homemade beer or rootbeer. Its truly like filet mignon. If u can find a better deal in vegas, please tell me. The casino is nice and kinds old fashioned but a cute place. They serve ribs too in the front grill. The bar is kind of dark and dingy, but the people are nice and there is karaoke 7 nights a week. Drinks are very cheap too. I love this place!! Going for 5 days in december and will be sure to eat there 4 or 5 times."
2	"Just went this weekend - so the info is current.\n\nBest steak and eggs deal in Vegas, period.  $4.95 from 11pm to (11am?).  Don't look for it on the menu.  It's not listed, and it's not going to be on their billboard outside.\n\nBest full rack of ribs deal in Vegas, period.  $11.99 from 4pm to 11pm for a full rack of BBQ ribs with corn, beans, and coleslaw.  If you're so inclined, you can get the 1/2 rack for $7.99 or for a dollar more, you can get their 1/2 rack + 1/2 chicken deal for $8.99.  I'm all about the ribs though, so full rack EVERY TIME, baby!!!  =)"
2	"$6.99 for a sit-down dinner of soup or salad, steak, freshly steamed green beans, potato (baked, fried, or mashed). $11.99 for a whole rack of ribs with sides.... the tastiest, least expensive meal deals in las vegas!"
1	"I've read a lot of great reviews about this place. Now I know I've read about the sometimes long wait, which I understand for a off the strip casino for their restaurants. Tried hitting up the BBQ spot and the restaurant. Both of which had an hour wait. It doesn't seem to be too shady of a hotel as others have described. The only problem I had beside the wait was the group of emo scenesters that don't know how to drive. I will definitely try and give this place another shot next time I hit up Vegas so I can give them a real review."
2	"I remember when the steak special was $4.99. Easily the best meal deal in the COUNTRY! \n\nIt still remains the best meal deal. For $6.99 you get the following:\n\n10 oz. steak (c'mon we're not talking upper tier steakhouse, but, in my opinion, nearing the quality of Outback)\n\nSalad\n\nPotato\n\nVeg\n\nBeer (BREWED THERE)... and it's a big one!\n\nGo there, eat it... Don't expect good decor, don't expect good service, expect good food and a taste of old (slightly sleazy?) Vegas.\n\nIt's an experience on it's own! Well worth trying!\n\nPlease don't mention bad service when reviewing this place.. the food is nearly FREE and it's GOOD!  Quit yer B#$CHIN' and go to Cheesecake factory or wherever you bores go.\n\nRemember... this is steak and a beer at literally McDonalds Prices!!!"
1	"This review is for the BBQ & Brewery restaurant.  They open at 4PM no one under 21 allowed, no exceptions.\n\nI was told about this place by my bro inlaw.  He read on the internet that this place claimed to be one of the best out here on in the west.\n\nOn to the food.  If you are looking for real BBQ, look else where.  If you are looking for tasty food at a low price, this place may be for you.  Their menu consists of three items: full rack of ribs, half rack of ribs, and half bbq chicken half rack of ribs.  All entrees come with corn on the cobb, cole slaw, baked beans, and toast with butter.\n\nI got the half bbq chicken half rack of ribs.  I should mention the ribs are baby back ribs.  The cost was $8.99.  \n\nThe bbq chicken was moist, the sauce was good.  The ribs were really moist and the sauce was good.  \n\nHere's the deal, there is no smoke flavor, none at all that I could have distinguished either on the chicken or ribs.  There was no smoke ring on the meat of the ribs.  The ribs were missing that slight tug when the meat comes off the bone of a rib that was cooked slow and low on a bbq.  Did the meat fall off the bone?  Yes it did, but more like how the meat falls off the bone when you boil the ribs so they're tender or how meat falls off the bone when you braise something or similar to it.  And yes, I really do think they boil the ribs first as there was no real pork flavor.\n\nThe chicken was akin to tender broasted chicken from say Costco or Boston Market, except is had BBQ sauce on it.  Was it good? Yes, but it wasn't legit BBQ chicken.\n\nThe sides were less than stellar.  The corn on the cobb was limp.  All the kernels were not plump.  The majority of the juiciness was probably from the pot of water they used to boil the corn.  The cole slaw was fine, it would have been better if it had more of the dressing mixed in, but it was fresh and crunchy still.  The baked beans were on the verge of being flavorful.  The slices of bread they gave me were rye, they tried toasting it, but they still couldn't save it from being stale bread it was.\n\nDidn't try the beer so I can't comment on the legitimacy of their brewery.\n\nI like sauce and their BBQ sauce managed to make the food tasty, at least in my opinion it did.  It could have used more sauce though...\n\nTwo stars for being fake BBQ."
1	"I truly enjoyed this place when I visited back in June, 09. But when I went back this time. I was truly disappointed. The food was not as good as back in June and there was no line at all. That should have been a sign that things was not the same. I ordered Clam pasta. My husband ordered their famous Prime Rib dinner. My brother-in-law ordered Shrimp pasta. It was all just ok. Pasta were watery. Prime Rib was plain. I got the feeling either they change the management or chef. Too bad."
2	"Went here around 3am to try the $6.99 steak special, but I ended up getting a crazy customized 1/2lb angus burger instead. They got everything right except for the sauteed mushrooms which were absent. Burger was tasty though. So was the homemade rootbeer.  Its no Devil's Canyon Brewery rootbeer, but it was better than store bought.  Would love to come here again to try the steak special (which the lady got and enjoyed) and taste their various beers.  And our waitress and host were very attentive and nice. Clientele is very mixed..."
1	"Traditional American style food. For the price, I'm really not impressed with it. Didn't get a chance to try the brews though, and that seems to be their specialty."
2	"4.99 breakfast steak and eggs.\n6.99? dinner steak, potatos, soup, and beer\n\nService is good, line/wait time can be pretty bad at times, but for the value, great!\n\nThe dinner steak was alot better of a cut, and with medium rare, just right!  They don't season the steak, but still doable for me.\n\nChicken fried steak was really good as well, that gravy is so good.\n\nI like the karaoke/bar lounge they have, big booths, laid back, and sports showing on the tv's.\n\n$5 dollar blackjack."
2	"Great \""after the club\"" food.  After drinking and partying on the strip, head over to Ellis island for their 4.99 steak and eggs graveyard special.  It ain't no ruth's chris steakhouse but not bad for $4.99.  Actually not bad for $7.99 either. *4.99 steak and eggs is only available after 11 pm and is not on the menu"
2	"More like 3.5 stars, but I'll give it a 4 since they have cheap beer.\n\nThe $6.99 steak dinner that everyone talks about on here no longer comes with the free beer I'm afraid, but it's still pretty good for the price. Plus, the huge 20 oz. beers are only $1.50 at the bar, $2.00 in the restaurant, pocket change really.\n\nDecent quality food (comparable to your neighborhood grill), not a very fancy establishment, but service is quick & waiters are friendly. The wait is usually very long, we came on a Sunday night at 8pm, were told we'd have a 1hr 20min wait, but ended up getting seated around 8:45pm. It goes by quick if you grab a beer at the bar & play some video poker.\n\nDefinitely worth it if you can't resist a good deal!"
2	"If your in Vegas on a budget or not you must stop by Ellis Island and have a prime rib dinner and their home brew!   You can't beat their 24/7 prices and friendly service. The food is not OMG but its f---ing great! \nTu-Pac got shot in front of this place so make sure you pour one on the street for him."
2	"I'll happily skip the restaurant, but the brews and BBQ? Those hit the spot. Great deals on a full rack of ribs and EIB Hefe is my favorite.\n\nThe BBQ Patio doesn't seat many and it's popular, be prepared to wait.... an hour or more during peak times."
2	"So I'm at Road Runner for breakfast yesterday morning and the bartender, Blaine, told me this place is the bomb, so since I was in the hood and it's been 4 hours since I had sushi at Sushi Fever the Beast needs to feast! \n\nBlaine is no stranger to rough neighborhoods as a former person that would be in the know for a major player on the strip (didn't ask, just gettin some grub after my 5 am Spin and 1600 swim). Wow I must remember this is not about me).  Blaine warned me this is not a place you want to be after the witching hour as it's a nightly \""Pimps and Ho's event with the Varsity players and from the size of the massive and abundant security staff there, I'd say there may be some validity to B's warning.)\n\nSo I walk in, it's Friday, good foot traffic; not the Beemer crowd but nice, down to earth folks. ie, as I was cruisin the lot for a parking spot a guy flagged me down to let me know he's leaving. Nice, right? Anyway, it's a brewery and casino but the smoke wasn't bad; noticeable but not sinus hair burning. \n\nI don't normally drink, but wanted to sample one of their homemade brews.  I ordered a \""Light\"" and it was very good.  I light the refreshing qualities of a Pilsner.  Went really well with the food I'm about to drop the 411 on yah.\n\nThe \""restaurant\"" has limited fare. Don't expect to find lettuce or tofu here. This is pure Saturday afternoon, college tailgating, pig and yard bird BBQ. Carnivore City baby.\n\nYou walk in the front, turn right, pass the bar and you're there. Easy to find. On the Host's stand the menu offers a full rack of ribs, a half rack, a half chicken, or the combo. Comes with corn on the cob, baked beans and bread that I saw them grill... Pavlovian moment here; excuse me.  Awww SNAP!!! It's F Bombing here!!! Gotta get my grub on! BRB! Dang!\n\n...Okay, I have nothing else to add here. It's as if I got choked out by a Gracie and when I woke up, it was over! Just a plate covered with pork and fowl bones, some fractured styrofoam containers and my stuffed belly causin' chaos with my gig line.  (a gig line is the line created by your pants zipper, belt buckle and shirt buttons).\n\n In the afterglow... Please bear with me. I need to cuddle and spoon now. Wow that was good! He'll, it's was fantastic. Filling, hot, flavorful, and NO processed food at all. Good stuff Maynard!   Don't geddit twisted, it's not the Meaa Grille but it got down Charlie Brown! \n\nI started with the chicken. The meat was smokey, moist, tender, succulent, full of flavor, not just from the Q but the actual bird was tasty... Scratch \""moist\"", let's use \""juicey\"" here. Left the breast to simmer as I hear the half rack of babybacks a callin... Here Mikey, Mikey, Mikey, Mikey!!! The rib meat came off the bone easily, but not over done. They had the perfect texture and M E A T Y!!! Wooo hooo, they were thick! The sauce was tangy with a molasses/vinegar twang. Kept dippin' into the side sauce provided.  Good grub!\n\nThe beans weren't of the sweet variety but more savory. I like em.\n\nThe Cole slaw was cold, crispy, and tangy without the overwhleming slipperiness brought on by excessive mayo... I liked it! \n\nYou get a whole cob of corn! It's a bit over done for my taste, but it's not my house. It was good though. Did not have butter which amazes me.  \n\nGrilled sourdough. Do I really need to say anything? I do wish they'd slather some garlic and olive oil on it though. \n\nIf you want to pig out on the cheap with some great food, you gotta get down at the Island, but before the witching hour, okay?\n\nPS...if you apply for a free Player's Club Card you get $10 to gamble and a discount on your meal.\n\nEnjoy!  \n\nChow!"
2	"$6.99 sirloin cut steak + soup or salad + baked potato or mashed potato + steamed veggies + microbrew beer = kick butt awesome.  This is a dive casino and restaurant; located one block off from the strip by Flamingo road.  This place is for locals and you aren't going to find people in here dressed to go to TAO or JET.  What you will find is a relaxing atmosphere with lots of locals singing karaoke in the bar and gambling in the casino.  The steak dinner is not on the menu so you have to let the waiter or waitress know that you want the steak dinner special.  The place is open 24 hours and it was so good that I came here twice on my recent trip.  \n\nPs.  I also found out that they have a $4.99 steak and egg special as well and it's not on the menu either.  Another plus was that I also won meals for both me and my better half on our second visit after the club at 2AM."
2	"Best BBQ in Vegas!!!! Get here early( it starts st 4) the line gets long. Pizza was good the one time I had it while doing karaoke but that was after 244 beers!!!!"
2	"This place has all things i look for in a restaurant\n1. Super-duper-cheap\n2. Good\nNow they have a restaurant and a BBQ pit. This review is for the BBQ pit. There are only 3 things on the menu half rack, full rack, or combo half rack and chicken. I always share the combo and it only 8.99 for giant proportions. Now realistically, taste wise its only a 3 on the bbq scale of things, but 8.99 for 2 people?!?!?!?!?! thats always 5 star in my book."
2	"Where else are you going to find a deal as amazing as a $6.99 steak dinner? How about nowhere?\n\nI'm giving it 5 stars this time because our service was STELLAR. She was better than some servers I've had at 5 star restaurants. I wish that I remembered her name because she was awesome! Always filling out drinks, bussing our table, and she did it all with a smile on her face. Even when the ghetto trash in the next table was giving her a hard time about the bill. \n\nOh yeah, food was good (again) too."
2	"We went here on our last day for some Breakfast. I was under the impression that you can get a Steak and Eggs Breakfast for under $4.99, but that is only offered between 11pm- 6am. Regardless, the place has pretty Good food and the Service is Friendly. Grace our Server, was very Friendly and very Comedic. The place is a Casino, but also has a BBQ restaurant and a Karaoke bar. We started off with Coffee and Fresh squeezed Orange juice. We mostly ordered the Corn Beef Hash and Eggs with Potatoes for $5.99. The in-laws ordered the Short stack Buttermilk for $3.99. My Brother ordered the Italian Sausage which was a little \""Spicy\"". All the food came out pretty quick, and as I mentioned before; it was very Good. There are Daily Specials like Asian Night on Thursday and Italian Night where they offer specific Menu choices and Themes. I was happy I got a chance to try out their Breakfast, but will look forward to try some of their other Menu items."
2	"Best Value in Vegas.   A trip to Vegas isn't complete without stopping in to Ellis Island.  The BBQ is excellent, but be warned, a wait of 2 hours + is not uncommon....but hey you are in Vegas, put your name in and head for the tables.\nThe Steak special is also really good, $6.99 comes with potato, garlic green beans and sald...AND a beer.  No place in Vegas even comes close to Ellis Island when it comes to value.  Is it the best steak you have ever eaten?  No...but is it the best steak dinner under $20 you will get?  Absolutely.  An additional note...cocktail service at the tables and slots is also very good."
2	"I have a thing for value and food. The 24 hour cafe restaurant inside has several items which keep bringing me back. I have been eating here for many years, after switching my regular dinner spot from Terrible's 24 hour cafe upstairs. The daily specials, such as the Sunday only spaghetti plus meatballs & soup or salad for $3.99 & the everyday 10 ounce sirloin steak with vegetables, choice of starch, soup or salad and beer or root beer for $6.99 are good choices. The beer is made on-site and it is some of the best I've had. Mae, a hostess has been great, please say Chris has sent you.\n\nThe barbecue restaurant next to the cafe serves some amazing portions for the price. Bring your players card for a small discount. Be prepared to wait 30 plus minutes after ordering, everything is made to order. The beer is only $1.50 at the time of this review and can be ordered at the table or bar. The wait to get into either restaurant can be considerable, so have a friend arrive early to get a number. Tipping the host or hostess for faster entry can work, if the manager is not on top of the host.\n\nI have brought many groups of people here. It is a bit of a dive, but makes up for itself in its value. Enjoy and cheers!"
1	"The food was alright here, but the wait and service was much to be desired in this grungy local eatery. The place isn't big at all, maybe seating for 25-30 altogether, but still they had this place understaffed. Seemed to me there was maybe one host/server that knew what was going on out of the 3 I saw. \n\nI think we had gotten there at 8:30 or so, thinking we'd have plenty of time before last call at 10pm, but despite getting a ticket and hearing there were only 5 parties ahead of us, we didn't get seated until about 9:55pm. Seating seemed to be haphazard, since there was no mention to us that we had the option of getting seated outside in the patio, which probably would've gotten us seated earlier. \n\nI had heard that the BBQ was some of the best and cheapest in Vegas as declared by the locals so I was eager to try it out. I think we all ordered the ribs and chicken combo plate. For $12 it is a lot of food. It's not great by any stretch but it was satisfying. Despite sitting down starving (hadn't had much of anything to eat since 11am) I still couldn't finish off the plate which still had 2 ribs and the chicken breast still leftover. The ribs were okay, not particularly tender, but I did like their BBQ sauce which was served on the side and the chicken was surprisingly juicy. \n\nI didn't get to try the beer which they brew themselves, but I hear it's pretty good and was voted one of the best places to get a cheap beer in Vegas by the local radio station (heard it on the radio the day after I was there)."
2	"Vegas, a city of hopeful luck, overpriced buffets, steamy madness, and ELLIS ISLAND BBQ.\n\n1. $10.99 for a HUGE slab of ribs and chicken, full with beans, corn, slaw and bread. All of the highest quality. But must show your players card. (We went around the corner and quickly signed up for one, no strings attached.)\n\n2. Didn't charge us for drinks (a beer and 2 soft drinks)\n\nAll the diners were LV natives and employees. Not to mention the biggest dudes I've ever seen.\n\nI think I came out as a gambled winner.\n\nToo bad whatever happens in Vegas stays in Vegas."
1	"WTF? I always come here with a big group of friends and just yesterday, they turned us away because one of the girls with us didn't have her id to show that she was 21!!!  We told him that she doesn't drink and that we were here for the food and he was like, nope, you can't come in cause she can't prove that she's 21. Seriously, wtf?"
1	"According to my boyfriend, the infamous $6.99 steak special was \""just ok\"".\n\nAnd, I'm pretty sure their Thousand Island dressing is what gave me the runs.  Sorry for that visual."
1	"For the price of $6.99, there's probably nowhere in Vegas you can beat the amount of food you get with Ellis Island's steak dinner special.  That being said, the steak I got with my dinner was terrible.  I ordered my steak medium-rare, and it came out more on the well done side of medium-well.  It was quite dry and not all that tasty.  My GF ordered her steak medium-rare as well, and her steak was actually pretty good, so maybe I got unlucky, but the chefs need to work on their consistency.  I got the lager with my dinner and it was very good.  You can't get much for seven bucks in Vegas, so I can't complain too much, but I expected at least a decent steak."
1	"This place is janky and gross. It smells of some old remnant of Las Vegas (aka rotten cigarettes and cheap liquor).\n\nThere are some restaurants in here and and after walking by the food just looks hideous.\n\nThe beer is cheap, and the root beer is decent (hence the two star rating).\n\nThe karaoke section is ghetto, the song selection is weak, and the crowd is well....unique.\n\nI would never step foot into this joint ever again. \n\nIt's attached to a freaking Super 8. Need I say more?"
1	"Following the YEE: Yelp Elites' First Date, c. 1985 at Ferraro's.  Me and some of the Yelparazzi posse bailed from the Double Down dive and I suggested we head over to the good ole \""Restaurant\"" inside E I.  YES, it is on the corner of Koval and East Flamingo.  It isn't exactly the happiest place on earth but aside from the occasional smell of tapioca, it's home to the $6.99 Sirloin Steak special.  \n\nMy review is only for the \""Steak Special\""  The \""Restaurant\"" mostly been a hit with most locals and tourists on Yelp.  Tonight it was a BIG MISS!  I unfortunately got really sick after eating my steak with food poisoning symptoms.  And pretty much spent the rest of the evening in the oval office.\n\nI had ordered it medium rare and it came out uhh medium well and a little burnt on the top.  I'll definitely take Andy T's suggestion and order it rare next time if I ever decide to come back.  His ball of flesh came out perfectly grilled and medium rare.  Oh and BTW the meal comes with your choice of soup of the day or your a-typical iceberg lettuce salad drenched with salad dressing (which may I note could've been the culprit that led to my \""closed door meetings\""), potato, green beans....blah blah blah!\n\nI'm not even going to say much about the service here because it generally sucks but bad service and cheap eats tend to go together like coffee with cigarettes.\n\nAnyhoo on another interesting note, on our way inside, my buddies and Andy T. get out of our cars and I swear I went totally blind for 10 seconds by the sight of sum nasty hoochie mama flapping her mouth \""Yea u know u want some of this, uh huh\"". Jeeez...instead of eating that shitty piece of steak I so wanted to chuck it at that walking skanky mess.  Eeeww!"
2	"If this review was to be on the food alone, it'd be a solid Four-Star review.  However, I have to take into account the antiquated decor and the ever present smell of cigars and cigarettes.  The dining room is very dark with red vinyl/pleather seating.  On top of that, the service can be slow at times.\n\nThat being said, I make it a point to stop here on every trip to Vegas.  Usually, immediately after getting off of the plane at around 10am Vegas time.  Upon first site, it really isn't much.  Ellis Island is hooked onto a Super 8 Motel; which in itself, doesn't exactly make you think of award winning micro-brewed beer and excellent food.  \n\nThis place definitely has the feel of \""Old Vegas\"" when it comes to the $6 Steak (big) and Eggs along side a $1 beer brewed on site.  The menu is wide ranging.  You'll find everything from basic spaghetti to chicken fried steak on the dinner menu and slabs of ham the size of your head for breakfast!\n\nThe Ellis Island microbrewery is on site and makes a few excellent brews.  My favorite is the stout...and for $1 you can't go wrong here.  \n\nIf you're looking for somewhere cheap (because nothing else in Vegas is!) to start your trip while you wait for the 2-3pm hotel check-in time look no further.  \n\nOne last thing, don't make the mistake of having the \""Big as your head\"" ham & eggs just before heading home...it makes for a long plane ride!!"
1	"The price is great and the food is decent. With my fiance and my schedules its hard to find a decent place to eat in the middle of the night. It was a Monday night. Barely anyone was there probably just 2 small parties. It still took them 15 minutes to have us seated and 30 mins to get our food and all we ordered was just a Caesar wrap and a California club sandwhich their service sucks and they are sooo slow! Second time we went here they actually gave us a number and said that the wait would be 40mins. Wow! They minus well say we don't want your money! We just left coz this place is not even worth it. Good food and price but there service and they're ridiculously slow consistency will never make me comeback here again."
2	"\""Give me your tired, your poor \nYour huddled masses yearning to be free\""* - \nor eat for 6.99\n\nDifferent restaurants in casinos attract different clientelle.  The Wynn's 'Alex' gets the high rollers that flew in to Vegas on their private jets and are chauffeured around in limos.  For the rest of us, flying coach and willing to walk to dinner, The Ellis Island Casino and Brewery restaurant is \""the lamp beside the golden door.\""*\n\nThe restaurant is as no-frills as it gets.  They didn't even give it a name, it's just 'restaurant'.  Originally decorated in 1970s red vinyl, they know you came for the food - not to lick the walls.\n\nLike most Yelpers, I got the 6.99 steak special - it's not on the menu, but it's no secret either.  It was on the marquee outside.  Despite reading the (mostly) great reviews, I was expecting a sorry excuse for a steak.  What I got was a flame-grilled surprise.  \n\nThe salad led the meal and set the bar low - as iceberg with carrots, tomatoes, and crutons out of a box will do, but the entree quickly saved the day.  The steak was the quality you might make at home (assuming you can grill).  A little singed where the flame kissed it, but medium rare (as ordered) inside.  The baked potato came with sour cream and butter, another homestyle staple, but the green beans were good enough to be served in a $25 a plate steakhouse.\n\nThe wait was about 30 minutes, but you are in a casino.  You're not sitting on a cramped couch or standing in a tiny atrium with newspaper box and 2 gumball machines.  Head into the sportsbook and watch some tv, cheer with people at the craps table, maybe even gamble a little - I think they count on waiting patrons to lose enough money to make up for the low cost of the meal.\n\nSo who are you?\n\nIf you wish to \""Keep ancient lands, your storied pomp\""* then Ellis Island restaurant is a low 2 star joint.  If you are \""The wretched refuse of your teeming shore\""* and are not afraid of \""the homeless, tempest-tost to me\""* then Ellis Island (which is not located anywhere near the New York, New York Casino) is a solid 5-star facility.  I lie somewhere in between, but still give it a 4.\n\n* If you are a (non-native) American and are not familair with these lines, shame on you.  Go to the Statue of Liberty (on the real Ellis Island) and learn exactly why this country is great."
2	"I love, love, love Ellis Island!  We've been coming here for years, even before we moved to Vegas in 04!\nWhat we love about Ellis Island:\nCheap drinks- my Couvoisier and coke is under $5 each. Hard lemonade $2, everything is dirt cheap\nCheap eats- we eat here quite often, the food is good for what you pay. I usually get the steamed clams or linguine with clams, but their clam chowder is pretty darn good.\nBBQ- the BBQ place is a must stop for my aunt when she comes to Vegas, she was the one that turned us onto the BBQ joint here and she's a caterer so knows her food.  But the portions are HUGE for what you pay and we're talking lip smacking good BBQ\n\nOverall- this is a locals joint so don't expect service like you would on the strip or atmosphere unless you are looking for old school Vegas...its dark and dingy in there and smells of smoke but I still LUV it!!"
2	"I have been here so many times..I have to Yelp about it. First..I would give it 5 stars but the service is SLOW!! I have seen the servers break down/fight and generally act depressed.\nBut I go there for the cheap steak dinner & killer root beer!\nI have never had a bad reaction to the food & its always tasty. They even have a great brownie sundae if you like that sort of thing.\nSometimes the wait is long..but sit down @ a slot machine & order a drink..they will call your # when its time. We have scored many a free meal here playing & winning at video poker!\nSo yeah..its a bit of a dive but they feed ya good!\nAnd the BBQ place is top notch as well. Pizza place is not so good..a bit oily and very thin...not my kind of pizza. Im from Detroit and we like it thick like the Sunday paper!"
1	"Sucks"
2	"**Dinner Review**\n\nThe steak special is the best deal we encountered in Vegas, near the strip. I am a big eater and love to save money... this was a no brainer after reading a few reviews. The staff was great, food was delicious and came out in a timely manner (in and out within an hour). I would recommend getting there before 5 because it is a popular spot! Take my advice and give this place a shot, enjoy."
2	"You need to know.\nAt prime dinner hour, like 6-9pm, it takes ONE HOUR of waiting, and no they dont do reservations.  You can't call in.  They will take your name down and call you when ready, thats it.\n\nThey can accommodate groups, for example I had 13 in my party.\n\nThe $6.99 filet minon dinner for which they are famous is not on the menu, ask for it directly.\n\nThe beer sucks, the rootbeer sucks, and the waitstaff is friendly though overworked, thusly, food comes slow (unless you're there at 3am)\n\nOrder your steak rare or medium rare, or else it will come to you as a charred hunk.\n\nBottom line: at 7 dollars, you can't go wrong, and the only real downside is the atrocious wait.  It is what it is, and there's something magically epic about a steak that cheap, in Vegas.  Don't come here for ambiance or quality, come for a cheap filet that might make you smile."
1	"NO BBQ AFTER 10PM. :{ We went for the ribs. Which they weren't serving when we arrived...\n\nThere was a wait of about 20-30 minutes, so we sampled their beers while we waited.  \nThe AMBER beer: A strong hoppy taste, bitter notes on the finish. Not our favorite.\nThe WEISS: Favorite! :} I'm always a fan of wheat/hefeweisen style beers, and this one was the best of their selection. Smooth, crisp with citrus notes and a pleasant overall finish. Served with a wedge of lemon. Best of the lot, but not anything worth going crazy over. \nThe STOUT: Forgettable. Dark beer, but not particularly distinquished.   \n\n+ For making their beer on site.\n+ For big, tall, ice-cold glasses of beer being $1.75\n\nWhen we finally got into the restaurant, we had our disappointment over the BBQ and then carried on. We started with their fish n' chips. Supposed to be one of their signature dishes, since way back in the day. The fish had a nice, greasy  beer batter and good flakiness on the inside. Comparable to anything you'd get at a Fish n' chipery in London? Definitely not. Still very edible, though. And the fact that it's served with malt vinegar, on a tray with newspaper, is cute and I appreciated that. \n\nAfter that came our main orders;\n\nSalads first! Iceberg lettuce drenched in dressing. 2 smallish tomatoes each, tons of croutons. Meh, Bleucheese makes any salad edible, but not noteworthy. Came with stale looking buns.  \n\nSteak  & shrimp: A surf n' turf. The steak was thin, gristly and overcooked. The shrimp were battered and fried to oblivion- burnt on the outside and were gross on the inside. The potatoes were most likely instant.\n\nRib eye special: Huge slab of pink,  tender juicy meat. Baked potato looked over-cooked and wrinkly. We still haven't touched it, days later, despite our best intentions otherwise.\n\nThe food was ok, but the only thing we'll go back for is to try the BBQ or karaoke and drink up some cheap beer. \n\nThough it was entertaining being seated next to the creepy old perverted couple, who talked dirty throughout most of the meal. Sleazy old style Vegas for you, I suppose."
1	"Wow I will never ever ever come back here again.. The service reeked of crap! I was not helped at all, never got checked on, and took forever to get what I needed. It may be cheap but frustration is the worst. I got the \""Steak special\"" which came with an overcooked steak, green beans, mashed potatoes, salad, and a beer. Even with all this food it didn't make up for this place serving crappy food and crappy service. If you like bad service and cheap food then you won't be disappointed here."
2	"In the world of the bigger-is-better Vegas this place is a hidden gem. \n\nI give it 5 stars for 5 reasons:\n\n1. Amazing cheap food.  \n2. Friendly, helpful staff\n3. A combination of old and new machines\n4. Lower limit blackjack tables with friendly dealers\n5. Easy on-site free parking garage\n\nI spent a lot of time here during my wedding weekend.  We had a number of people in our group staying next door at the Super 8 and it was always easier to gamble and eat here than going over to the Strip about a mile away.  \n\nOn our first night we realized how amazing the food was.  (Thanks Yelp!)   We ended up having the BBQ plate....10 bucks for a rack of ribs and a half chicken.  Wow was it good!   I had everything to eat here from pizza to their $7 filet mignon.  Sometimes the service was a little slow but they were totally busy and seemed understaffed and the wait staff was usually in an upbeat mood.  They did the best they could.  \n\nDo not forget that $7 filet mignon...you can't at least get that once while in Vegas. For that price you also get a free root beer or regular beer.  Their homemade root beer is damn amazing.  You almost get drunk off the root beer flavor, its that good.\n\nThey really do have a great selection of machines here...everything from the old-school physical reel one-armed bandit style to brand new ones like Sex-In-The City and Monopoly machines.  (Watch that Sex-In-The City machine...its max bet is 6 bucks a pull!)\n\nI played a good amount of blackjack here too...most tables were 5 bucks and the dealers were nice and pretty darn funny as well.  (No matter if you are winning or losing)\n\nOn my return trips to Vegas I will be spending a good amount of time here.\n\n:0)"
2	"My BF and I asked the bellman \""What's a good breakfast place around here?\"" We were staying at the Grand Hilton behind the Flamingo, so we were facing away from the strip. He pointed out, right there, Ellis Island. Great food, great price. \n\nWe arrived and there was a 15 minute wait. So you knew it had to be good. It looked like mostly locals too. Also a good sign. The place has won tons of awards, the #1 brewery in Nevada, #9 in the USA. That's pretty damn good. \n\nWe were seated quicker than 15 minutes. We sat in a corner, and set about the menu. I ordered a simple 2 eggs w/ 4 pieces of bacon, country fried potatoes and toast for $4.99, my boyfriend ordered 2 pieces of broiled pork chops with eggs and toast for $6.99 (what a steal!) and a soda. Our waitress was nice. Not overly friendly, borderlining on rude, but not really. Maybe it;s her accent? Not sure. Another table go seated next to us after our orders were taken, but somehow their food came out first... odd. Ours wasn't too long after, but still. Odd. \n\nMy food was fine, not much you can do w/ bacon and eggs. The country potatoes were ok, a little bland. His food on the other hand was really good. Quite a good portion for just 6.99. We ended up taking a pork chop, potatoes and 2 slices of bacon home with us!\n\nOur waitress didn't come back to fill our waters or soda. That was disappointing, although the place was pretty busy, you'd think they'd have it down.\n\nOverall. Good food and phenomenal pricing (less than $14.00 for a full breakfast for 2, plus leftovers). We made sure to tip that bellman."
1	"Ewwww!! Nasty Food! Smokey stinking old folks....NO THANKS! It's like the scariest casino in Vegas....why risk getting robbed or stab for a $8 dinner and a $2 beer?!@"
2	"We went there because of the steak special. For $6.99 nobody shouldn't expect a fancy restaurant actually we thought it was a fast food! But it was more than we expected! It is a restaurant not fancy but nice and clean. You have your your table with your own server. You have a service of bread and you can chose between salad or soup. Then you have the principal plate with mashed potatoes and vegetables. The food was good and the steak was tender. I think it includes also a beer. The plates had a good presentation and the waiting time once you are in the table is Ok. The only thing is that you need to wait 20-25 min for your table. The check was ridiculously CHEAP!\nGood service, good food at incredible prices! Do you need more?\nI definitely recommend this place if you are looking for that if you are looking for a fancy restaurant don't go there but don't expect to pay the same neither!"
1	"This place was so bad that I'm compelled to have it be my inaugural review. \n\nAfter a late night, my buddies and I were looking for a decently priced spot to eat, rest and recover. So obviously we were like \""oh let's just Yelp a place - Yelpers never fail.\"" Well you guys failed us. (4 star average with 300+ reviews?!?!?!!? COME ON) \n\nThe majority of our group ordered the steak special. While we weren't expecting a legendary tasting steak, we also weren't expecting what it turned out to be. A medium rare steak was as tough as nails with little to no flavor -  I had to douse my chunk with A1 sauce to make it bearable. The side salad was loaded with dressing, most likely to hide its age and brown spots. What's the point of eating a salad when all its supposed benefits are negated by an exorbitant amount of dressing? The beer it came with tasted stale and watered down. I literally have nothing positive to say about this place. Even the price that you all rave about doesn't make it worth coming to. I hate McDonalds but would have preferred it over this junk. And don't even get me started about the service.\n\nLong story short: only come here if you hate yourself."
2	"great price.\n\nfor chicken & ribs"
1	"I came to the conclusion that all of the positive reviews came from people who are used to eating at McDonalds everyday.  This restaurant was worse than Applebees or Fridays and have items at the same price.  The service was however very friendly.  And it is a non-smoking establishment as well.\n\nFor $14, I got a salad, King Prime Rib steak, green beans, a potato, and a root beer.  The salad was merely iceberg lettuce, 2 cherry tomatos, and watery (not oily) Italian dressing.  Nasty.  The steak was 50% meat and 50% grissle.  The green beans cooked in garlic were actually very good.  The potato was alright too.  The root beer was so bitter that I couldn't finish it.  This is the worst root beer I have ever had (the best being at Schilo's German Delicatessen in San Antonio)."
2	"A divey place with a very vintage Vegas feel.  I came here for the $4.99 steak and eggs special to cure the late night munchies.  The plate came with an 8-oz steak, two eggs (over easy for me), fried potatoes and an absurd amount of buttered toast (I'm pretty sure our waitress hooked it up).  This meal is no gourmet dining experience, but absolutely hit the spot, and I didn't care that we had to cab it to a somewhat shady-looking part of town to get here.  From our hotel (Signature at MGM) this was only a $5 cab ride, so I'd say if you're staying there this is the place to go for your steak and eggs, especially if you've already blown all your money on buffets and black jack."
2	"I always crave steak and eggs when going to Vegas, so my friends and I went here for the $4.99 Steak and Eggs (plus potatoes and toast). That's a dollar cheaper than Bill's Gambling Hall! This place had fried breakfast potatoes instead of hash browns, but the steak was better at Ellis Island, in my opinion.\n\nI liked how this place wasn't busy at all. It probably has to do with the fact that it is a small, hidden place a block away from the strip. There was no wait at all, unlike Bill's, where we usually have to wait 10-20 minutes to get seated."
2	"For $7.99 (on a Saturday night), the steak dinner special is a great deal especially in now upscaled Las Vegas.  Believe me when I say it can be really hard now to find a good deal in Las Vegas anymore, at least on the strip.  You have to go off-strip (like here) to find anything decent anymore.\n\nIs it the best steak you ever had? No.  The meat was a bit tough and chewy, but it was cooked medium rare the way I asked for it and flavorful for all that.  Rounded out with a large baked potato and a good pile of string beans, it was plenty of food after a long day of traveling and hiking.  The thing that puts this special over the top and makes it a four star is the inclusion of a house-made beer or root beer.  My husband ordered the porter (a decent beer too!) and I ordered the root beer.  The root beer was definitely better than most anything you can buy in the store."
2	"The last time someone could get a full steak dinner for $7.99, I didn't exist in the world yet. That's what led us meat hungry girls off the strip, across traffic and into a casino that was more smoke than anything else. The wait on a Saturday night? Nearly an hour and a half and there wasn't anything else to do but be cramped in a tiny, smoky room filled with slot machines. Wait you say, how does this make it a 5 star review? Because patience my dear reader, all the pain my lungs went through to breathe in there was worth it in the end. \n\nWe were seated and promptly, the waiter proved his amazingness by taking our orders quickly and oh, he KNEW what we were there for. But to my surprise, we didn't just get a nice hunk of sirloin, green beans and our choice of potato. No sir! We were asked soup or salad? Want free house brewed root beer in tall curvy glasses? Want piping hot bread rolls and butter? What's that, did you say more bread rolls at no extra cost? \n\nSteak quality: Mine was bloody and perfect but the other gals who ordered medium rare had varying degrees of pink. Sad face! \n\nAnd to top it all off, we wanted to take our root beer home since it was so tasty. The waiter goes \""why don't you just take the glasses with you? It's Vegas and you are all beautiful ladies.\"" Why HELLO, yes I think I will! Grand total = kaching ... $8 each + tax for all of the above. Holy moly. \n\nOh and don't forget this place is a brewery so they have a nice selection on tap from hefeweizen to ambers to stouts. With a steak that cheap, a nice cold one cost us a whopping $1.75 a piece. IN VEGAS. After staying at the Bellagio, all of our wallets were glad to take less of a beat down. Best dinner choice of the whole trip!"
1	"My girlfriend and I love craft brews so every time we visit a city we search for breweries to try some suds.  This past week we went to Ellis Island and the beer was putrid at best.  It was like they put half beer and half water in a pint. The IPA was horrible and my girlfriend couldn't even finish the wheat.  Didn't come here to eat so cant comment on that but if your in Vegas and want a good beer head to Tenaya, Big Dog or 777 at Main Street, all 3 were waaaaaaaay better beers. Forgot to add the female bartender acted like she wanted to be anywhere but there at the moment.  Either she was having a bad day or she needs to find another job. At least she had a patriots jersey on :), one plus for her"
2	"Steak and Eggs were BOMB.COM!!! for like 5 bucks??! hella good and they give you a generous portion. My guy friends actually had trouble finishing it. The prime rib special was on point as well. Good deal because its 12 bucks and it comes with your choice of beer or root beer, salad or soup, along with your generous cut of prime rib. If you're on a budget, or you're looking for the drunken munchies, ellis island is definitely the spot to be at."
2	"have been to ellis island for the steak special but wanted to get over their for their bbq special this trip.  we ended up getting there about 4:45 after reading that it opens at 4 pm with usually a good wait.  we were told at that point it would be an hour wait.  so we went to the bar and had a couple beers.  the homemade beers are tasty so if you like craft beer give em a try.  even if you don't they're a 1.75 and about 22 oz. so its a real good deal.  i had an ipa and an amber and my wife had a hefewizen.  definitely recommend the ipa.  we probably waited about 40 min before they called our number for our table.  i ended up getting the half slab and half chicken which was 9.99 and my wife just got the half slab which was 8.99.  with it you get a cup big cup of cole slaw and beans, two halves of corn on the cob, and a couple pieces of bread.  the food was outstanding.  for twenty bucks it was a ridiculous amount of food and it came out quick and it was so delicious.  definitely recommend walking over from the strip to try it out."
2	"The secret is out. Ellis Island has great deals and if you want to take advantage of them, be forewarned... You aren't going to be the only person doing so! So you may have a little bit of a wait... But deals like those found at Ellis Island are worth a little patience. \n\n$1.75 for a beer brewed on-site... The only thing that may beat that bargain is the $7.99 steak dinner special that includes a beer. Yes, prices were cheaper a year or two back... They are still really low for a city will of places that charges $6 for a bottle of water and $18 for a Red Bull with vodka. Anywhere you can get 22 ounces of craft beer for $2 or less is a deal! For those of you looking to stay sober, they also brew a very tasty root beer.\n\nI went with my husband and his brother to Ellis Island for some cheap beer, dinner and gambling. It was a Tuesday night, we had about a 30 minute wait for a table in the restaurant so we sat down to play some video poker. My brother-in-law paid $2 to enter a slot tournament (they have them daily), ended up winning it and walked out with $114 and a story to tell his friends back home! \n\nThe three of us had dinner and beers for $30, not a bad deal at all. The steak dinner special is what I had, they steak isn't anything you'd get at a fancy steakhouse but it's still good for the price, which also includes a potato and veggie side. \n\nIf you are uppity and like to waste money, this place isn't for you. If you want to experience the charm of old Vegas without heading downtown, check out Ellis Island."
1	"beer only.\n\ni hate grading businesses poorly, but wow, the two beers i tried were bad. \n\nwhen i went, five beers were on tap: the hefeweizen, amber, stout, an ipa and i can't remember the fifth. the ipa is a new brew i was not expecting to find. as i've got a new found love of ipa's, i think my excitement showed in my face when the bartender mentioned they had an ipa. he quickly said, \""i don't think it's strong enough.\"" i wasn't sure what he meant, so i asked, \""not strong enough in terms of hoppiness or abv?\"" he said it's not very hoppy.\n\nhe gave me a sample and he was right. no hops at all, tasted like a lager. pass. now that i think about it, if he told me it was a lager, i probably wouldn't have minded it. i got the stout next, and while it was marginally better than the ipa, there just wasn't much flavor at all. i was so disappointed i considered abandoning the unfinished glass, but thought that would be rude.\n\ni may give their other beers a try if i've got time to kill, but i'd have a hard time recommending any craft beer fans visit this place specifically for the beer. it's cheap though, only $1.50 a pint."
1	"Good food, great price, terrible service!  2 1/2 hour dinner, 1 he before drinks served. Yikes, it's not that good."
2	"metro pizza.............. by the slice!!!"
2	"On the scale from 1-10, 10 being the jankiest of janky casinos, I would say this casino is about a 9. It's dark, dim, smoke-infested, and small in here. If you catch this place in the morning, you'll meet the night crawlers and it's not pretty here at the Ellis Island..\n\nBut once you reach the restaurant, you'll literally realize, the grass is always greener on the other side. \n\nSteak & Eggs: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=qcM6QdCRzuf-BDTznRHR2w\n$4.99! Uh, what?\nThe steak was pretty delicious and tenderly cooked to my medium-rare option. Is it odd to say that I'm \""an egg person?\"" I'm pretty much a sucker for anything egg and a fan of the runny yolk, on the top, side, or bottom of my food.  The 'taters were crispy golden brown and tasty. The sourdough bread toast (drenched with buttah) hit the spot.  So seriously.. $4.99?\n\nI know there are tons of places on/off the strip for cheap steak, but this is by far one of the places I can agree for its mind-blowing value. You can also opt out the egg, for a \""steak dinner\"" - $6.99.\n\nOh yes, this place is also a brewery, so our order of house Hef was $2. My mimosa was  $5 and it was kinda huge.\n\nSo.. our 4 steak orders and 2 alcohol drinks under $30?\nIf you lost your soul in what Jay B calls, \""Lost Wages,\"" come here. Your wallet will surely thank you, then give one swift kick to the groin.  \nEllis will save you!"
2	"Don't judge a book by it's cover and don't turn up your nose when you walk into this dive of a casino located a 1/4 mile off the strip. The food in the restaurant is really good and it is a great deal. There is reason why people will wait for an hour to be seated. You can look at the other posts to see what you get with the steak special. Everything is tasty and homemade. I will just say this, I paid $15.99 at Outback for a top sirloin that wasn't nearly as good as the $8 Ellis Island steak. If you want ambiance and a romantic atmosphere-go somewhere else. If you are hanging out with your friends or family and want a good meal for a great price, Ellis Island is a sure winner."
2	"When you think of Vegas, you think of nice hotels, bright lights, good looking people. Ellis Island does not fit into that image of Vegas. It's one of the more ghetto parts of Vegas. People here around 3am are drunk and worn out from drinking/clubbin and aren't looking their best LIKE ME.\n\nHOWEVER, the restaurant is open 24 hours and has an AMAZING deal.\n\n4.99 Steak and Eggs! This is why I come here after fun night of drinking and clubbin.\n\n6oz ham steak that hits the spot served with hash browns, eggs, and toast. For this price, you can't complain and it'll satisfy your munchies, especially the drunken munchies.\n\nDefinitely come here for late night cravings, or if you're broke from gambling and need some food to comfort you."
1	"Heard the old sane, \""you get what you pay for\""?  The $6.99 steak was tough.  Salad, veggies, baked potato good. Beer very good.  Off the beaten track.  I would not like to walk to Ellis Island due to the iffy neighborhood.  There is karaoke at the bar. . .questionable group to say the least.  I've had better steaks at Burger Pit and Sizzler."
2	"Ribs = amazing\n2 hour wait time= not so amazing, but understandable. \n\nThis place would get 5 stars if they expanded their BBQ restaurant. Their ribs are AMAZING. You get SO much food for the price and it tastes sooo good. Plus, the two hour wait isnt always a bad thing because it gives you an excuse to drink and gamble while you wait!"
2	"I couldn't believe it when I read reviews. $12.99 for prime rib? I've seen these ridiculous deals lit up in lights: \""Bill's $4.99 Steak and Egg Breakfast!\"". I never thought I'd find myself sitting amongst the throng of old people and families waiting to gorge themselves on sub-par quality meat. I was fortunately able to avoid the drunk people at 6:30pm.\n\nBut here I was, #51 at 6:30pm. A 45 minute wait 30 minutes into opening. Ridiculous! \n\nFor $12.99, I ordered a thick piece of prime rib, juicy, tender, and flavorful. While it was no HOPR (house of prime rib in san francisco), it was pretty delicious. Maybe slightly tough in certain areas, but that comes with the territory. It came with a side of pre-packaged rolls, soggy beans and a disgusting baked potato that tasted like it came from a senior citizen home, but I'll just disregard that. \n\nNote: they do not offer delivery or take out."
2	"I was craving BBQ and decided to give this old casino a shot. After putting my name down on the list, I proceeded to the bar where I was able to drink $1.75 pints of amber ale. The beer was delicious. \n\n45 minutes later, I got to beast on the half chicken and half rack of ribs. The chicken was moist, and the meat from the ribs had a great crispy char to it. \n\nDefinitely worth a visit."
2	"First time i saw this place my friends dragged me in to have me try what was said to be the cheapest best steak you can get in Las Vegas. You can read other reviews to get details, but it lives up to its reputation.\n\nOthers rave about the BBQ although I have yet to try. But again, I am all about beer and anywhere you can get tasty locally brewed beers for less the $2, count me in."
1	"The food may be cheap but you do have to put up with some atrocious customer disservice. From the maitre d to the waiter, everyone made it clear you are a bother and should just go away. You have to be pretty thick-skinned to put up with such nonsense for a big plate of meat."
1	"This place sucks, food breakfast skillet was terrible, very little meat, old potatoes, mostly green peppers, and the beer I ordered never showed up. I sat with a view ofthe bar and it was made and waiting for me, food cane out an bill came out, beer still sat there, the waitress popped up twice ou of the wholeyime, took 10 minutes to pay for the check, asked 2 dofferednt propel to take. Our check, first said we'd had to wait or our waitress, second didn't eve. Say anything, just looked at us, and we wente drunk. Bot coming back"
1	"The first thing that hits you is the smoke. As a non-smoker, it sucks. But as a previous-smoker, I can deal. \n\nThe only reason why I go to Ellis Island is for the free pizza and the free slot play for having the player's card.\n\nThe Root Beer is the best ever though!"
2	"This review is for the steak and eggs special only.  This is an off-the-menu item.  It is five dollars for steak, eggs, potatos, and toast.  The price alone is unbeatable.  Combine this with the fact that its open super late, and it makes for some dank drunk munchies.  The service was fast and the servers were nice even though it was late into the night.  The steak was cooked how I wanted it, and while you can't expect Lawry's, for the price it is unbeatable."
1	"By far the absolute worst \""steak\"" I've ever had. The salad was nothing more than a (as in one) cherry tomato, iceberg lettuce and dressing, my \""rare\"" steak came out cooked all the way through and tasted like sawdust. No amount of A-1 would help get that thing down. The green beans were soggy. The only thing that was decent was the potato, but it would take some real skills to mess up a potato. The beer (hef) was a little too sweet for my taste, but it wasn't horrible.\n\nBad food is one thing, bad service makes it so much worse. I couldn't tell if the waitress hated her customers or her life more. She would disappear for long periods of time. Not that the restaurant was busy... There were only about 5 tables occupied. We never did get our bill.... 40  minutes after we asked her for it we just left more cash than we probably should have on the table and left.\n\n Please do yourself, your taste buds and your stomach a favor and eat somewhere else. If you are really looking for food on the cheap check out the dumpsters behind any of the better hotels. It'll probably taste better. Or go to. Mr. Lucky's and get the triple 6 deal. $6.66 for steak, shrimp and potato."
2	"1.50 excellent micro brew, 24 food and pizza spot, cheap gambling, strong drinks, what more could u ask for?"
1	"I dropped in on a recommendation for a place to get a quick, cheap meal.  This is what I got when I ordered the steak special, which is a 10oz steak, vegetable, and baked potato, all for under $8.   The steak was a bit overcooked and tough, and the rest was unremarkable.   \nI got what I paid for, and considered giving the place 3-stars for value alone - hey . . . its an EIGHT DOLLAR steak."
1	"I have to update the stars on this place. As you can read in my review, I was pretty drunk when I ate here. \n\nI went back on a sober day and it was a big mistake. I wish I would have kept that idea in my mind. The 5 star idea. I was crushed, crushed to try the food and not understand why it didn't taste like I remembered, like I remembered the last time I ate there. Why don't you taste the same? \n\nI understand now that it was 4am. I was drunk eating. \n\nIf there was such a thing as food patrol, I would have received a well deserved ticket on food alteration based on the level of alcohol in my body.   This was the cause for me giving them 5 stars before. \n\nBut..........I have an obligation to warn you. \n\nPros: Open 24 hours. \n\nCons: Service, food, food and food. \n\nSorry Ellis. You are that friend I will not really talk to anymore. I thought you were cool. I thought wrong. :("
2	"Why didn't I come here when I was drunk at 4am and craving a steak and shrimp special in Vegas?!?!?!  Well, after being disappointed that all the steak specials in downtown Vegas end before midnight, I ate some shitty greasy pizza and that did not satisfy my craving for drunken steak. \n\nSo after partying all night, I woke up still craving a steak special and headed on over to Ellis Island! Keep in mind this is slightly off the strip and a dump, so do not by any means expect the flashiness of newer Vegas. \n\nThe $7.99 steak and beer dinner is a secret menu special, which I don't get why but whatever. I don't care much for beer and I had had enough alcohol the night before, so I got a little fancy and went for the $10 steak and shrimp special. My special came with steak, fried shrimp, mashed potatoes, green beans, and a salad. The salad sucked!!! The Italian dressing was really oily and the salad tasted not so fresh. \n\nMy steak and shrimp however were so good!!!! I asked for medium well, and I definitely got it. The mashed potatoes and gravy were also delicious and went great with the steak and shrimp. I tried the beer that came with my friend's steak specials, not so impressive, but then again I don't like beer, so don't listen to me lol. One of my friends steaks was not so great, he asked for well and I think got medium, which he was not nuts about. \n\nI just read there's $10 rib and chicken special!!! That's enough to bring me back!!!  Not gonna lie though, the service is kinda shitty, so I think overall Ellis Island gets 3.5 stars. I agree with all the other reviews that say you should come when you're shitfaced. You won't care as much about the bad service, and your food will probably taste way better."
2	"WAIT WAIT WAIT.......... 5 stars for food and beer only @ the BBQ restaurant next to the brewery...\n\nOK, Ellis Island is a dump of a casino, it looks old but it has three things going for it...........BBQ baby back ribs, BBQ chicken and onsite brewed beer. They cook the ribs in the parking lot as you enter from Koval.\n\nThey brew their own (multiple beers). $1.75 for an 20 ounce glass...... And they make (non alcoholic) root beer too............... I'm hooked on the lite beer.\n\nOK, here is my humble opinion. I can drop a $100+ bucks easily on myself for dinner at the right place 7 days a week if I wanted to. I just wanted to be clear that I'm not cheap.\n\nEllis Island was mentioned to me about two years ago and I finally went in June 2011. I'm not a fan of BBQ because I don't like the mess and usually the lack of meat on the rib bones. You WON'T have that problem here. For $13, you can get at least an 18 inch+ rack of baby backs, (BBQ beans, slaw, bread and corn on the cob very average). You can also get a rib/chicken combo. There is a pizza place within spitting distance that serves great pizza by the slice that you can bring to the table (our appetizer).\n\nI CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK........... And I'll get two racks of ribs next time because they were that damn good and cheap.\n\nBEWARE, IT'S POPULAR, SMALL AND THERE WILL BE A WAIT. SO DRINK UP!!!!\n\nFYI, It's behind Bally's to the east."
2	"EI is supposedly a locals spot and popular among the college crowd for the cheap beer. Well, I've lived in Vegas for 14 years and I went to UNLV for 4, and I just recently visited for the first time. It was for the Food Truck Smashup last month. While the event itself was pretty good, I wasn't impressed with EI. I thought the porter I had was decent, but the hard lemonade was disgusting.\n\nLuckily, first impressions aren't always all that lasting. I went back with a super Yelp crew for Bobby Y's birthday. We ate at the BBQ restaurant and I am happy to report that it was pretty damn good. Some of us ordered a full rack of ribs while others got half ribs and half chicken.\n\nDo yourself a favor. Order a full rack of ribs. There's nothing wrong with the chicken, but it pales in comparison to the ribs. I dare say that they are some of the best ribs in Vegas. OK so that's not a difficult thing to do. Outside of Top Notch BBQ, we don't have a lot of good BBQ in Vegas. Why is that?\n\nAnyway, I'm now a fan of EI. I would most definitely return for another BBQ plate."
2	"Ok, I will admit that I wasn't  crazy about the scenery at this place, but I had the best steak ever for $10...  Great food for cheap prices.  My only other complaint aside from the scenery is that you cant bring in the food from the rib place to the restaurant area, which got on my nerves because we had children with us who only wanted ribs, yet they were on the menu in the restaurant?     \n\nThere's two separate eating areas, one for bbq ribs and one that's just like a restaurant, which confused the hell out of me because if it's in the same casino area, why be so stingy?   Whatever, point blank the food was great and an affordable price too!"
1	"Hey yall,\n\nKK heres a recent review from my trip to Vegas. I was actually a little disappointed mainly with their service more then food. They had some specials going on the night I went so the prices were good for what we were eating. the only problem is... they messed up my order twcie. not just once, but TWICE! seriously! very disappointing. Overall food taste was ok. They had this weird setup where even though their tables were clean and empty. parties had to wait about 15 to 20 mins before getting a table! and that confused me alot. I knocked it down to two stars for the messup on my food, and the odd seating that they had us wait for an empty restaurant."
2	"Not a bad place for cheap eats, esp since everything else on the strip costs big bucks!\n\nMy hubby likes to come here at least once for their breakfast foods.  We brought our 5 month old and they seated us all the way in the back so we couldn't smell the smoke."
2	"Holy crap... just went again and realized beers were $1.75. Is it possible to rate a place 6 stars?"
1	"The person who seated us was as charming and cheerful as a jail keeper. We ordered 2 Caesar salads (one chicken one beef), 2 glasses of wine (one white one red) and a spaghetti meatballs for the kids. \n\nThe only thing positive to mention is that the salad was fresh and clean... The meat (both kinds) was probably cooked at least hours (if not days) earlier and therefore as dry and hard as cardboard. The dressing is more mayonnaise than anything else close to Caesar's dressing. The meatballs were not that great either but the pasta was OK. The waitress was nice and was helpful. It is cheap in all the meanings of the word.\n\nI looked at the yelp recommendations to choose this place and that was a real disappointment. There must be other places with a better value in Las Vegas. Avoid it if you can."
2	"This review applies only to the cafe inside Ellis Island and only for the $8 steak dinner. \n\nHere's the deal - if you want a steak dinner with baked potato or fries, salad, a side veg and a beer for 8 bucks, this is the only place in town.   The kids order the root beer - which is brewed on site, and hubby and I enjoy a micro brew. \n\nWe've had this meal four or five times since we found out about it, and everything has always been perfectly cooked.  The steak is right on, the green beans crunchy, the salad cold and crisp, the baked potato piping hot and just done.  The food is fresh, and not over salted.  Simple, but it hits the spot.  The portions are generous, and we always end up with leftovers.\n\nYes, you have to walk through a noisy, smoky casino.  Yes, the wait will be at least 20 minutes.  Yes, occasionally the server's demeanor can be a tad abrupt - but at least they are fast - that's what happens when people pack into a restaurant for an 8 dollar steak.   Don't expect the server to have time for small talk.  We try to be organized so the server doesn't have to make special trips to our table.  We think about how much the same meal would cost us at another microbrewery and try to keep that in mind while tipping.  Why should the server be penalized because the steak is such a good deal?\n\nIf you are delicate about things like cig smoke,crowds and waiting, it might not be worthwhile to you, but it is to me!"
2	"The locals roll here for late nights eats. Steak and Eggs for $4.99. The best value. If you have another spot please share. This is a nice cut of meat and cook perfectly.  \n\nI went the first night and ordered the S & E special finished it and ordered another one. Then went back the next morning. Tasty. I recommend."
2	"WOW!!  \n\nHubby's friend recommended us the Ellis Island cafe.  Since we don't feel like buffet, we gave it a try.  We were told there might be a wait of at least half an hour but we got lucky and got seated right when we got there.\n\nWeren't expecting much judging by the look of the place but boy were we surprised!  Ordered the $8 steak, $12 prime rib and the fish & chips for the little one.  Both the steak and prime rib dinner came with 2 sides, bread, salad & a root beer.  The meat came out perfectly just the way we wanted.  The portion of the fish & chips is huge and it's really really good.  Our waitress was friendly, helpful and service was great!\n\nWe'll definitely recommend it to anyone who's in the area.  It's a gem!"
2	"Fantastic.  Just fantastic.\n\nI came here during dinnertime specifically for the BBQ.  I was told there was a wait time for indoor seating, but I could sit at the outside tables for immediate service.  The decision seemed rather obvious.  It was moderately hot out, but not so bad in the shade.  I placed my order and within 5 minutes was served.  I got the full rack of ribs (after reading all the reviews that recommended it), and I'm glad I did.  It was delicioso, and tasted even better with the BBQ sauce.  All for only $15.\n\nThis place's only fatal flaw?\n\nThe lack of sides.  No baked potato, no french fries, no mashed potatoes.  I've never had BBQ without some sort of spud before.  The plate is served with cole slaw, chili, corn on the cob and bread and butter, though.  But with no option for french fries, I left feeling oddly...unfinished.  (Granted, it took me into half the ribs to realize the lack of it!)\n\nGreat ribs.  Great value.  Not so great choice of sides.\n\nBut it comes highly recommended from this dude."
2	"After many years of traveling to Las Vegas, I finally made it to Ellis Island last month. It's not far from the strip at all. My wife and I decided to stop in for a quick drink before getting ready for dinner. I had the stout and she had the root beer. The stout was ok, it seemed to lack a little depth of flavor but her root beer was tasty. (Incidental, her root beer cost a dollar more than my stout, weird.) We played video poker at the bar and made a few bucks, so they ended up paying for our drinks plus a little. Overall, not a bad place. I do want to go back and try the BBQ there. \n\nWill I be back. Yes, at some point I will... I just won't be in a rush to get there."
2	"I came here last year and that's all it took to get 5 stars! \n\nThe best steak I have ever had in my lifetime and I've had eaten many all over the place, also was the cheapest in price! I don't know how this was only a 4/5? This place not only had the best steak but the best price for it plus 2 large sides that I couldnt even finish due to the LARGE STEAK for $10. Also had the best ROOT BEER in the world! It tasted like Dr. Pepper to me, but damn the best Root Beer/Dr Pepper ever. Made fresh as well. \n\nIf you want to come and save some $$$ with GREAT FOOD come to Ellis Island everyday on your visit and you wont be disappointed one bit and your poop will be larger than life! lol! I know when I turn 21 the first place Im going to is ELLIS ISLAND..with that being the last place as well!"
1	"I do not understand how people rave about this beer?!? This beer is the typical \""wannabe breweries\"" here in the US. The beers are very weak and lack any serious flavor and depth which comes from cheap ingredients and shoddy brewing.\n\nThey do have some good deals on food..I will give them that.\n\n\""side note\"" \nAs being on the receiving end of alot of the victims in my ER....do not park in their garage..especially at night. Alot of muggings and such."
2	"Top sirloin for $7?  With a microbrew beer, mashed potatoes, and green beans?  That's a damn good deal.\n\nGranted, the beer isn't great, but it is decent.  The green beans aren't the best made, but definitely suffice.  The mashed potatoes aren't spectacular, but they're definitely tasty.  But the steak is well made, juicy, and totally worth it.  Even if it was $10, I'd buy all that.  Next time I hit Vegas and I haven't won a jackpot, I'm going here!"
2	"The ribs were GOOD!\n\nThe service wasn't bad but it wasn't great. The menu is simple and I liked that. The house beer was actually pretty tasty for 1.75.\nThe sides were pretty nasty the baked beans and Cole slaw Yuck.\n\nAnd right when I was seated I got bbq sauce on my shirt, which means the table wasn't clean.\n\nOverall I say: Try it. You'll like it."
1	"Their kitchen was closed for cleaning last night at 8 so no prime rib."
1	"During my last night in Vegas, a friend of mine recommended we go to Ellis Island for their secret steak special. It was 4:30 a.m. and we were all living off of 3 hours of sleep the night before + a good amount of drinks, \nbut that didn't stop any of us. \n\nThe steak special goes like this: you get a good sized steak, potatoes, green beans, soup or salad, and a beer for $8. AWESOME deal, but if only the quality was as good as the price. Can't have the bet of both worlds right?\n\nI had a soup, which was Cream of Mushroom at the time. A bit watered down and lacked salt, but not too bad. The steak is where they just went downhill, but I really wasn't expecting anything better from such a place. It lacked any marination, was all burnt on the outside, and was just overall bland and charred. The mashed potatoes were great, though.\n\nAlso, they may claim to be the best brewery in Vegas, but I highly dispute that. Their dark beer was heavily watered down, was way too bitter for such a beer, and just didn't go with the meal at all.\n\nIn conclusion, get their mashed potatoes. Everything else sucks."
1	"I'm torn with how many stars I should give this place.  The karaoke bar is a 0 out of 5, the rest of the casino and the restaurant are 5 out of 5. \n\nWe've been going to this place for years, namely for the $1 pints (I think they're $1.50 now, which is still super cheap).  They brew their own beer.  The Amber is my favorite...the light beer is not all that great.  Tons of gaming machines and a blackjack table.  Cocktail servers are usually pretty quick.  Also, they have a restaurant and a Metro Pizza in the casino.  Both are awesome.  The restaurant always has cheap specials, and the food is good considering the price range.  Metro Pizza always has slices ready to go, perfect after a ton of beer.  \n\nNow, on to the karaoke bar.  I've been to A LOT of karaoke shows in Vegas, and this is by far THE WORST.  Somehow it gets voted \""best of las vegas\"" by the RJ every year.  They are the only place I know of that has karaoke every night of the week, and I think that's their big selling point.  The sound quality is absolutely ridiculous.  The KJ never touches anything to adjust volumes or mic settings (by the looks of it, they don't even have the equipment to do so).  This ends up in not being able to hear some people, while the really loud ones (especially drunk screaming girls) are just so overpowering that it's annoying.  They have probably the smallest karaoke song selection I've ever seen.  There's no instrumentals or bumper music in between the singers, so it goes from super loud shitty quality sound to dead silence while waiting for the next singer to get up.  I was there 3 hours and sang 2 songs.  By the way, tipping the KJ does nothing at all.  No matter the offer, she won't bump you up in rotation even a few spots, or stay past the end time whatsoever.  \""November Rain\"" by GNR somehow got cut from 8 1/2 minutes to 4 1/2.  Then during \""Sad But True\"" by Metallica, I replaced one of othe lyrics with the f-bomb, and you would have thought I was a terrorist or something.  Security came up to me and said \""sir, did you see that lyric on the screen? No, then you need to leave\"".  So, good luck if you want to sing songs like Cee-Lo's F-you, Tenacious D's F-Her Gently, Lonely Island's I'm On a Boat, or any of the adult parodies like Summer Nights or With Legs Wide Open.  I would understand if it were a family environment, but you have to be 21 to even get in the karaoke bar.  And it's shut off from the rest of the casino in such a way that you can only hear the karaoke from inside the karaoke bar area. \n\nI'd much rather take my business to one of the PT's Pubs karaoke nights, where the hosts are upbeat and they actually enjoy being there.  Also, the sound equipment is professional with a full mixer board for the music & mics.  And the song selection is literally 10X what Ellis Island has.  Sahara/Decatur on Saturdays is one of my favorites.  In short, go to Ellis Island if you want cheap drinks , gambling, and good food, but STAY AWAY if you're looking for karaoke!!"
2	"There might not be a better value in Vegas. Inexpensive, tasty micro-brews - including fantastic rootbeer - and the food is terrific! Sure, the property is older and the gaming might not be all that flashy but you can't beat the bargain."
2	"ooooo... \nim a 5star whore just giving 5s out like nothing... \nno! but it really is that good!\n\nwell let me see... \ni was here one weekend. friday sat sunday.... And to have steak and eggs a total of 6x during our stay would probably mean steak and eggs overload. BUT ITS JUST THAT GOOD.\n\nahhhhh... \nit was my first time having over easy eggs... but with that buttery toast it just all melts in your mouth. \nFORGET THE BUFFETS\nFORGET THE FINE DINING\nFORGET THE MAJOR HOTELS \nFORGET THE CHAIN FOOD STORES\n\nREMEMBER ELLIS ISLAND CASINO AND BREWERY\n\nit doesnt matter what time you come its worth it. Cheap and good food. WILL RETURN EVERYTIME IM IN VEGAS"
2	"This review is for the casino and the restaurant.  If you're not interested in the false pretenses all the other strip casinos subscribe to run here.  My wife and I enjoyed the steak special (off menu 12oz sirloin for $7.99), great value!  We played roulette and blackjack before and after and enjoyed ourselves; low minimums, and a good environment to gamble in if you don't need overpriced chandeliers and dancing waters.\nThis will be included in my must visit list for future Vegas trips."
1	"Followed the rest of the group here around 4 am after a night of clubbing. The restaurant had plenty of people for such a wee hour in the night/morning so the food should be OK. Maybe it was for other items, but our group was there for the cheap $4.99 steak and eggs deal. \n\nI don't know why they even ask how you want your steak done when ordering. When the steaks came out they were all well done or should I say terribly done. =(\n\nThe eggs and home style potatoes were OK, and what saved the meal from being completely inedible. When I eat steak I usually don't have to put any sauce on it, the natural beefy flavor and whatever marinade/rub the steak had is enough. Never understood the love for A1 steak sauce till now.... that dried out and cardboard textured z-grade steak meat was improved 100 fold by the tangy A1 sauce and actually could be eaten. But hey if your eating low grade meat it's better that it's cooked well done for safety's sake. \n\nI'm glad I didn't finish the meal because who knows what would have happened. I woke the next morning with the most uncomfortable feeling ever that lasted the entire day, it was explained that I had a bad case of indigestion. I don't ever remember feeling this way, but I was physically ill.  =("
2	"No menus, just BBQ chicken or ribs....and that's enough! Great food! I fed a party of 7 with drinks for $112. We had to wait an hour for a table, but it was worth every minute!!"
2	"Cinnamon Vanilla French Toast for only $3.99?! Wow, that's a deal! I had ordered it with extra crispy bacon on the side.\n\nOne of the downside...my hubby ordered Greek Omelette but asked for Egg Beaters...they don't have it, they only have egg whites.  Why don't have it? Apparently they don't stock those, ONLY egg whites."
2	"We ate here for breakfast and dinner because the prices were very affordable. A friend gave rave reviews about this spot and she didnt lie. For breakfast I had the steak and eggs for $6 and it was surprisingly tasty. For dinner on a different night, we ordered the ribs which were amazing.  The rib dinner specials come with two small slices of bread, a small side order of cole slaw, baked beans and two small corn on the cobs for $9 for the 1/2 ribs and $12 for the full ribs.  The entire meal was delicious and finger looking good.  If you're ever in Vegas, dont sleep on this establishment for the food. The casino on the other hand looked a bit run down and old school and it's not too far off from the strip. Its behind Bally's and around the corner from Platinum hotel."
2	"This place is the BEES-KNEES. Seriously, for 7 dollars we got bread, beer, a side (salad or soup), steak, side of mash potatoes with string beans. That's definitely cheaper than any diluted cocktail you will get at any Vegas club. \n(the steak special is not quite on the menu but just ask and order it anyways). \n\nRoot beer, YUM. \n\nCons: they tend to overcook the meat. Medium rare was closer to medium. So maybe emphasizing towards the rarer side, just to be safe. \n\nQuick service. \n\nGreat place when you have mad drunk cravings. It hits the spot and doesn't put a dent in your wallet."
1	"Service was SLOW! Remember folks, there's a reason the steak special is $7.99. Stay away from it. Food came out cold. Nachos were blase', but the beer was good."
2	"I was lured in by the cheap dinner special.. Like everyone has said before  me $6.99 steak, potato, greens, salad or soup and beer.. And have yet to leave!\n\nI usually go back to Ellis for their chicken fried chicken.... It is not too greasy but it is  crispy, moist and huge with a side of mashed potatos and veggies ...As a kicker they cover it with some special gravy ( it's very rich and creamy). This also comes with a soup or salad for only $7.99\n\nThere is a huge selection of food for everyone here... It's worth the wait and cheap enough to check it out at least once. It's not a first class dinning establishment but this place is definitely quirky and old!\n\nThe service here is hit or miss... Usually miss! Sometimes they will serve warm sourdough bread and butter sometimes they won't .. Most times they won't refill our glasses or bring napkins, wont bring boxes or bags for the leftovers, wont ask if we want dessert.... But hey I'm paying so I keep asking!\n\nAs far as the casino goes... The place is small and pretty chill... My dad won $500 bucks on slots the first time I took him ... So he was happy and asking to go back. Also since this place is kinda small you can easily spot and flag down the cocktail waitress.... People do some in this place but since there is no carpet, it doesn't stink too bad. Bathrooms are old and beat up but clean.. Also parking doesn't suck... It's not too far of a walk regardless of where u park.\n\nI do want to go back and try the BBQ restaurant there.... I was it finger licking good and very affordable."
2	"You'll not see anyone famous.\n\nI'm tempted to give Ellis Island 5 stars for value alone. However to be honest the food is only average at best, maybe 3 stars. However the great prices make up for a lot. You can get a steak that actually good about 50% of the time, the other 50% of the time its chain (Ponderosa) steak house quality. Included is potato, toast, salad and beer for less than $10. \n\nAn even better deal during NFL games - 2 small but tasty tacos, jumbo hotdog or an order of 5 wings for $1 each. Even better a choice of 5 in-house brewed beers, 20 oz.., all very for $1, all are very good. Throw in NFL Sunday ticket and it's hard to beat.\n\nDecor nothing special, a little run down. \n\nEllis Island takes you back 20 years when you could eat and drink cheap."
1	"You pay for what you get!!! Cheap food cheap quality and bad service! Dont waste your time :("
2	"They have really good ribs in the BBQ restaurant! My family ordered full slabs of ribs and they ate every bite. I can't eat like that and had to take some home. They did, however, change the age to 21+ and I was VERY disappointed because at the time, I was 20. We were going to take my dad there for dinner and as we were approaching, there was a sign slapped on the front of their podium letting the public know no one under the age of 21 was allowed inside. So much for the birthday dinner! So we settled for the restaurant and we will never do that again. Bleh! When I was finally of age to eat there, the manager let us try the root beer while we waited and I think he even set our table up, because we did not wait as long as some of the people who were waiting before us. We had a nice waiter who always checked in to make sure everything was going well and our glasses were never empty. Satisfied? I think yes.\n\nThe food is good here, but if you plan on taking the kiddos, think again."
1	"I will not be back.\n\nWhy?\n\nHardwood floors.\n\nAfter walking from the strip in the hot sun, I need the cushion and comfort of carpet.\n\nUgly ribs.\n\nPeople talk about the ribs like they are precious gifts. But they are bags of coal. But take my word with a grain of salt, I never bought them; I just saw them on someone else's plate--not a pretty sight.\n\nLong lines at the players club.\n\nThere was some kind of BBQ going on outside and in order to get discounts you needed a card. Well I did not want to go to the BBQ but I also needed a card....it was 10 people deep and no one was at the desk. I could not wait!\n\nNot worth the effort."
1	"terrible service, food wasn't even decent, prices were average. I think the only type of ethnic food was the Mexican food. and pretty cool that they have their own name beer. was alright.\n\n\nI wish I knew this place sucked so badly before even thinking of coming here."
1	"Well we went with intentions on belting out some great tunes while drinking some great drinks. Unfortubately, the catalogue is dated, and the bar is smoky as all hell (expected). However, after giving the DJ a nice tip & song request our turn NEVER happened. The same people were called up on stage drunk out of their minds (to be expected) to sing; were talking 4-5 times.. Kind of made us wonder, why weren't we called? Hmmm... Nevertheless, we won't go back, were still looking for a great Karaoke bar that will allow us the opportunity to have a great time."
1	"came here at 3am. everyone was falling asleep! it's a place to go to after a good nite of clubbing when you want cheap steak.\n\n4.99 steak and eggs. nuff said\n\nactually. My steak and the rest of my friends steak were not cooked to order. I ordered medium rare I got Well. Everyone else order medium and got Well. I think next time I go I'll order rare or raw and hope it comes out medium rare just how I like it."
2	"Love this place, especially their beer. Best breakfast after a night out. Wonderful hamburgers, too. Casino is not the best, but the food is a can't miss when we are in Vegas!"
1	"My wife was craving for chicken fried steak for a while. Her co-worker suggested that this place has the best steak. So we went and tried it. My first option would be Tuscany Casino which i've eaten their before and for me it was the best chicken fried steak. \nSo, we got there around 8:30 pm. There was no line but the cafe was packed of people. We seated on the waiting bench and had to wait for 10 mins before the receptionist showed up. She didn't even entertained us. I stood and she gave me a number. To make the story short, we waited for another 30 mins before our number called. \nI ordered a steak and egg which is included on the menu and my wife ordered the chicken fried steak. We had to wait for another 20 minutes before our order came. We'll, the chicken fried steak looks big and looks delicious. My order was horrible. Just as the waiter put the plate on my table i could see that the steak was burnt. I've always order well done since i dont like to eat bloody beef. Well when i ate my steak it was the worst steak i have ever eaten. It's so hard and burnt. I could cook my steak better than this cook here. My wifes steak was okay but not the best either. I ended up sharing my wifes food. \nThe bad thing thing about this is after we ate for a few hours, my wife started throwing up. This place is the worst place i've ever been to Vegas. As soon as you come inside the casion the smell is so disgusting.  It's a ghetto place. I would never come back to this place again...NEVER!"
2	"When I lived in Vegas, this place was always a stop when we went to the strip. \n\nThey have their own microbrewery with cheap pints. The karaoke* is almost all locals/ regulars, and most of them can really sing. The vibe is old -fashioned and laid back. A great place to start or end the night. \n\n*Recently, however, the secret got out to the undergrads at UNLV, and the gaggle of annoying sorority girls screaching \""Girls Just Want to Have Fun\"" into the mic and giggling incessantly has put a damper on the vibe. The old MC used to regulate pretty strictly, but th elast time I was there, some new guy was running the show and letting the sorority girls ruin everything. Even though it is not as good as it once was, it is still worth it."
2	"2 days I had a strip steak at The Cafe if you can believe it.  That should tell you how darn good their food is....darn good!!!!\nHowever, unfortunately The BBQ doesn't open until 4 pm and if you get there later you will have to wait awhile to get it (30 minutes, 20 minutes).  But the food I saw people eating--and the price I heard they paid for it (so inexpensive for the quality)--has me planning a trip to The BBQ there next trip to Vegas.  Dang but the bbq rigs looked fantastic!!!  I mean FANTASTIC!!!\nOnly drawback to this place is all that smoke from the casino...cough, cough...if you can hack that you can eat there.  Actually The Cafe doesn't stink inside but still...walking thru all that smoke is no treat at all.  Just focus on the wonderful dinner you will have once you get thru all that smoke...it's worth it."
2	"This isnt the most glamorous spot to eat and gamble but I have to tell you the dealers here really made my night enjoyable and to top it all off the prime rib dinner was pretty tasty."
2	"Cheap drinks, cheap eats...can't beat that when you're near the Strip. Yes service may be slow at times but hey what do you expect when you're ordering a $7.99 steak dinner? BTW the steak dinner isn't on the menu, just ask for it. Yet the staff is always great plus that free brewed beer or root beer is a steal. Now I prefer the prime rib over the steak. The meat is tender and the au jus is quite tasty. By the time, you get your meal, you'll be full off bread and salad/soup and beer. Really for the price you pay, you really can't complain...after all it is Vegas!"
2	"I've driven up and down Koval too many times to count as well as being completely oblivious to anything located on that street unless it was an intersection to turn to get to the Strip.  Little did the s/o and I know that there's a little hidden gem of a dive where they allegedly serve up some good Prime Rib, so we just had to make a stop.\n\nWe had dinner at their Cafe this past Tuesday night and fast forwarding through the 30-minute wait, we figured that had a to be a good sign, for a little dive casino off the Strip.  We get seated and man, it felt like I was in a bad dream; sitting in a semi-dimly lit restaurant, with a little cigarette smoke lingering in the air and decor that matched that of Mike & Carol Brady's vacation home, if they ever had one.  Not to mention, the most horrible Karaoke singers I've ever heard.  It was quite entertaining, especially for the setting but there were times, it felt like we were on some hidden camera show.\n\nWithout hesitation, we both were going to order their King Cut Prime Rib dinner, which came with a salad, veggies and choice of Potato, as well as Root Beer or their house Beer.  When our server took our drink order, I ordered a Coke.  Apparently, when it came time to order, I wasn't able to sub my Coke for the Root Beer it came with, not sure why, my Coke was technically a penny cheaper.  But whatever, I took the Root Beer anyhow...and took the cost of my Coke from our server's tip.  Speaking of which, yeah, our server and the restaurant staff was so jaded.  Service with a smile goes a long way...and so will your tip, so turn that frown upside down, ladies and gentlemen.\n\nWe didn't have high expectations for the Prime Rib, being that was ultra cheap at $13 a pop.  When our food came out, I didn't care much for the presentation, as it was quite sloppy.  The au jus spilled onto the plate, the sour cream was served it's own individual packet that you had to rip open, the horseradish was in it's own indivdiual plastic cup.  But, when all was said and done, I took a bite into the Prime Rib; first bite was good, figured it was the outside because of the seasoning so I started going towards the middle.  Second, third, fourth and so on...I finished that slab of King Cut without hesitation.  I was so impressed, not that I finished it but, it was a delicious cut of Prime Rib that'd make the bigger, bling casinos on the Strip bow their head in shame.  Shoot, I bowed my head in shame for discrediting this spot!\n\nOverall, we'd totally come back to Ellis Island for their Prime Rib again!!!"
2	"I discovered this place on yelp.  My roommate and I were in Vegas for his birthday and we were starving when we finally made it to town and checked into our hotel.  This place had a really high rating, so we decided to try it out.  First, it is extremely important that you DO NOT WALK here.  Not because it is in a scary area or anything, but the fact that distance in Vegas is deceiving and it is really, really far from everywhere.  \n\nThe tiny casino with a restaurant is connected to the Super 8 Motel.  I'll say right off the bat that I give 5 stars for the restaurant.  Three stars for the casino.  The restaurant had almost an hour wait so we first went to the casino.  All the tables were $15 or $20 and the cocktail waitress we had was rude.  We got tired of giving our money to the slot machine so we wandered over to the bar.  The restaurant has about 10 tables but the bar is open right next to it and had plenty of seating.  The bar serves different food, so that is one option if you don't want to wait for dinner.\n\nNow here is the kicker.  Ellis Island is a microbrewery and they brew 5 types of beer ranging from blonde to stout. I had the stout, which I expected to be think like Guinness, but instead was a really dark, super delicious beer.  Here's the best part: 20oz glass for $1.75! That's right folks. The best beer I have ever had in my life for less than 2 bucks. Once we got called for dinner the food there was pretty good, but that could have been because I was drunk from the cheap beers.  Smoking allowed in the bar, but not in the restaurant.  \n\nOn my next visit to Sin City, this will be my first stop."
2	"This is THE place to get good and CHEAP steak!\n\nDepending on when you go, you have two choices:\n\n$4.99 Steak, eggs, hash-browns and toast\n(Only on Weekdays 11pm - 11am; Weekends 11am - 2pm.)\nOr \n$7.99 Steak special. Comes with veggies, mashed potatoes(or fries or baked) and a beer/root beer.\n\nWe were here twice and both times I had the $7.99 special. The mashed potatoes were damn good. The steak was perfectly medium rare (though my other friends were not as lucky, so it's kind of a hit/miss but they come fairly close to what you order). Their hefeweizen was alright.\n\nThe best part about this place is that you can eat for free. I'm not sure if it was a special or not, but after we ate, we went to the other side of the casino and signed up for the membership. It's free to signup and you get $10 of free game play. You play a bit and you have a chance of winning a couple of bucks, then just cash out and you just got yourself a free dinner. :)\n\nI'm definitely going to come back to this place."
2	"Mmm ribs are the best I've tried by far! they cook them fresh with their outdoor grill. I suggest you call ahead to make sure what time theyre serving bbq.  we had to get a # at the restaurant side and wait. Bbq food starts at 4p.m. On the tuesday I was there. Simple menu. Just bbq ribs and chicken. I had the combo. Chicken was ok, but the ribs are soooooo good. My boyfriend had a full rack and shockingly killed it! It was that good.definitely better than lucilles. All food comes with corn, bread, bbq beans, and cole slaw. Portions are gigantic! Our bill was about 28 pretty cheap! Service that day was great."
2	"My husband and I really love this restaurant.  We are retired and our dining out budget is limited.  The food tastes great and the menu is varied enough that we have a good selection every time we go.  The prices suit our budget & the fact that the casino is good makes this a twice a month afternoon out.  My husband loves the unadvertised steak special.  After all where else could you get a top sirloin with all the fixings including a beer for 7.99.  I enjoy the chicken fried chicken which is excellent.  Ellis Island really knows to make delicious mashed potatoes & gravy. You should give it a try."
2	"Awesome spot in Vegas. Meals are super cheap but are awesome quality. My favorite spot to chow down near the strip."
2	"Cheap Beer & Cheap Steak and Eggs & Great Customer service, don't judge a book by its cover.\n\nFirst off I'm hard to please when it comes to steak and eggs grave yard specials. Its pretty much a Vegas night out tradition for Vegans to go out & party it up and grab steak and eggs after. Like I said I'm hard to please, even at 3 in the morning with my steak and eggs but Ellis Island didn't disappoint. Every steak and eggs place I go to serves a steak, 2 eggs, some toast, and hash browns... ew. I'm not much of a fried food person. So I always ask for mashed potatoes, usually I get a no or my waiter gives me a hard time for switching out my hash browns for mash potatoes. Either telling me they have to charge me extra or just a flat out no. BUT at Ellis island my waiter started to say no but they said \""he'll see what he could do\"" Which I thought was super nice because I later found out they don't make mashed potatoes at 3am LOL"
1	"I couldn't even detect the hops in what they assured me was the IPA. The rare sirloin was the rarest rose. The breakfast burrito was good. Service was quite friendly. Smoky atmosphere, of course."
1	"We went there for the karaoke. However, the bar had a 2 drink minimum even for the designated driver. And they have a policy of evicting customers that don't have a drink in front of them. Very poor service from waitresses on the floor and bar. Even though I was tipping (for soda) at first. The security team is a bunch of pushy emotional kids so I had to take my complaints to their supervisors. This place really put a damper on our celebrations so we cut as soon as I reported our issues."
2	"This is a raunchy looking spot but I gave it a 4 star for  3 reasons. Its a small place so when you gamble, you get your drinks super fast. 2nd, they have a good deal on their bbq. 3rd, the dealers want you to win. If you dont win, you dont come back, you dont come back, this place closes down."
1	"I came here on a saturday afternoon and it was my first time there. HOUR AND A HALF WAIT?!?! There was a big long booth and 4 tables open? You kidding me? \n\nI'd like to give zero stars on the service because let me tell you, I have never experience the type of service they were giving that day. Dora, the hostess had an attitude on her. Every so often I would check about how much longer until our number will be called and she said \""I am sorry I cannot give you that estimiate because it depends on how fast people eat.\"" Really?\nThen our number was skipped because she said they had to get the table ready but there was two other tables ready, I didn't understand it. I saw a customer trying to ask her a question and she turned her back at him and was like you need to go talk to your waiter and the customer was so upset, he just walked away. I think Dora should brush up on her customer service skills and be a little more happier next time. \n\nI gave 2 stars and put up with the wait because I heard the food was worth it. In the end I was very satified with the food but it just didn't seem like a happy environment. The place seemed stressed out."
2	"$5.99 steak and eggs deal that you won't see posted anywhere, not even on their menu. I couldn't believe it. My bro recommended it to me and I had to text him to double check it was true because I didn't see it anywhere! Asked the lady at the front just to make sure it was still going and she confirmed it. \n\nThere was very little wait and the server took our orders quickly and the steak came out reasonably fast. The main issue I have here is that they do not know how to cook their steaks consistently. My friend ordered his steak rare and got it medium rare. I ordered mine medium rare and got it done medium well. My other friend ordered hers well done and got medium rare. No, our plates were not mixed up, the little fork thingies on the steaks indicated how they were cooked. None of them were correct. \n\nAnyway, the eggs were great and the potatoes were excellent! Well cooked and reasonably spiced. I think the potatoes are the hidden gem in this deal (it should be called steak, eggs and potatoes!) They also give you 2 slices of bread (4 pieces) along with jelly. They layer a ton of butter onto the bread too. \n\nOh yeah, there's always a couple homeless people on the sidewalk in front of the 7-Eleven. They wanted to trade me some change for my tie. LOL\n\nTIP: Late night munchies? No worries $5.99 steak and eggs waiting for you--they're open 24 hours!"
2	"I couldn't find a separate entry for the BBQ restaurant inside Ellis Island, but it's a must go joint. Head toward the Metro Pizza Counter and take a right at the beer fermenters and you're there. They open at 4PM and it pays to get there early. I went on a Tuesday night, got there about 5:30 and had to wait an hour. Really, really good BBQ ribs and chicken."
1	"We had a late breakfast at Ellis with each of us ordering easy over eggs, wheat toast and breakfast potatoes.  The meal and service were pretty good though just a little less so than on recent visits.  \n\nA 2.5 rating would be appropriate."
2	"This place is one of the best Deals in Las Vegas! $7.99 Gets you an awesome Prime Rib Dinner with all the fixings and includes a 20 oz Micro Brew of your choice! Loved it!"
2	"I am always a little scared of the off strip casinos but I really liked this place.\n\nThe front bar has Karaoke 7 nights a week until 3am and I really enjoyed it. I must say that the first couple of singers had dark sides to them...Sound Garden, Metallica, etc... I instantly knew this was not a happy let's sing pop and love songs kind of crowd. This was pretty dark hard core singing. I was just amazed that the screaming and voices were dead on. It was a little refreshing for me, then the typical singers I encounter.\n\nThe bartenders were a little disconnected. It seems like they were making drinks for other people outside the bar. There was a secret window where \""OPD\"" went...what you don't know what that means? Okay fine \""Other Peoples Drinks!\"" Now are you down with me? It was like you needed a road flare to get there attention and I was sitting at the bar. Plus there is a 10 buck min for a tab on credit card. Also do not start a tab with the waitress and then order a drink from the bartender because they do not work well together. Okay as I'm writing this sober I'm realizing this paragraph deserves like one star.\n\nI need to get back to my happy spot...good cold fresh micro brew beer flowing from taps behind the bar. I wish the tap was on my side.  I also wish the bathroom was closer because I needed to return the beer back to nature. So I went on my walk through the casino. I loved it. As I walked around, I noticed 5 buck blackjack...it was over $25 back at our big casino on the strip. I love that these little places have low starting limits. If I was Mayor of Funtown I would make a law that said there will be no set table bets. Hey if I wanna gamble a buck why can't I? Why are you forcing me to lose more money?\n\nI think this place is a find and I can hardly wait to come back here but I'm going to need to start working on some dark songs to sing or I might get kicked out."
1	"Is there LESS than one star??   \n\nI used to recommend Ellis Island ribs to EVERYONE coming to Las Vegas, but no more.  You guys absolutely suck.  \n\nWe went in with an 11 year old and her dad, the first time in Vegas for both of them, and the FIRST night in town I took them to ELLIS ISLAND.   \n\nAfter an hour wait for a table, we left with an 11 year old in tears because they don't serve DINNER to anyone under 21, even with outdoor seating, and they don't offer take-out either.  No way for me to pull THAT one out of the bag.  We went to Margeritaville instead.\n\nWay to ruin a vacation, guys.  It just wasn't that much to ask.  \n\nI'm a local, and I won't be back, and I'll tell anyone that will listen that Ellis Island is NOT the place to go."
1	"Cheap beers is the main reason to come here...I think?  $2 for a 20 oz \""microbrew.\""  Unfortunately, the beers I tried (IPA and Amber) were nuttin' special.  $2 is a fair price.\n\nThe craps table was closed at about 11 pm on a Friday night.  We had a group of 5 people just dying to lose some money playing craps.  They still wouldn't open the table, and were all put off that we would even dare ask.  Hmph!  Undeterred, we played a bit of blackjack...until the pit boss told us the table was going to be closed after that deck.  What the heck!  This is the only casino in Vegas that will actively try to not take your money, no matter how badly you want to get rid of it.\n\nWe took our business elsewhere.  Mediocre beers, dummies running the tables, and tons and tons of cigarette smoke.  I don't have a reason to go back."
2	"Cafe yay!\n\nThere were a number of food places in this casino. We ended up in the Cafe. The selection of food here was great and the affordable price even better! I had the pork chops meal for something like $8.99. No wonder the place always had long waiting lists... it goes by pretty fast, though, and we were seated quickly (10 min wait).  Service was good. Not located on the strip but worth visiting if looking for a cheap place to eat."
2	"This place is great if you go with the right expectations.  The service is pretty poor but everything else is amazing.  $5 black jack tables on a Friday night and an amazing steak and egg breakfast special.  Not only is it really cheap ($5.99) but it is really good!"
2	"Beer and BBQ: two of my very favorite things in life.  Lucky for me, Ellis Island serves up both for a great price!  \n\nI went to their summer kick-off beach party, where us Elite Yelpers were treated to a fab VIP section and great deals.  They really took care of us!  They offered a choice of BBQ selections and sides - I chose the ribs with corn and coleslaw.  I admit, I had been drinking, and when I'm drinking everything tastes amazing, but daaaaaaamn, those were some good ribs!  They were perfectly sauced and cooked just right.  Their regular beer prices are super reasonable, and their beer is brewed right there on-site.  I'm from Portland, aka Microbrew Capital of the World, so their beers didn't rock my world, but they were still pretty good.  I tried their hard lemonade though, and I had to put it down - icky.  \n\nThe casino is smaller and definitely more dive-y, but they've got some of the newer slots and low-limit table games. I had a great time while I was here and I'll definitely be back."
2	"I came here for a yelp elite event and had a great time! We went on a Saturday for a \""beach\"" party. Drinks were on the house at the outside bar they had set up and food was $5 for ribs, polish sausage, hot dog, or a giant turkey leg. Meat came with a small corn on the cob and a small side of potato salad. Food was cheap and tasty. The turkey leg was huge and super tasty! Corn and potato salad were done just right. Especially the potato salad! The beer was okay. It is brewed on site but was lacking some flavor. The IPAD was a bit too light. The Weiss was good in flavor but needed a little more of a kick. \nI tried some of the pizza inside as well. It was great! I ordered the cheese and also had a slice of mushroom because it was so amazing!\nThe atmosphere is nice inside. Small and quaint. A few black jack tables. One roulette table and a ton of slot machines.\nThanks for a great time and reasonable prices! I will return for sure!!"
2	"I thought by day 3/4 in our Vegas trip I would be totally spent, but something about Ellis island infused me with all sorts of energy.  Maybe it was the gigantic turkey leg, maybe it was the raffle with tons of gifts, or maybe it was the free beer.  All I can say is, it WASN'T the hot dog eating contest... as cool as it was to watch, I felt physically ill and I wasn't even participating!\n\nWhat Ellis Island may lack in the big strip pizazz, it makes up for in charm and guile.  Cheap, delicious food, karakoe, and a super friendly staff all make for a great experience.  We were fortunate enough to meet Mike who was running the event we attended, and he was a total boss.  We were totally taken care of, and even obliged in our ridiculous scavenger hunt requests.  \n\nI know that Vegas is known for good customer service, but I guess I just did not expect to be so warmly welcomed throughout my stay.  This event was just a great example of the kind of things I enjoy;  a backyard BBQ feel with a live band, great food, great friends, and a fantastic host.  I even won some money at the Blackjack table.  It doesn't get any better than this.  \n\nTurkey Leg!\nhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=SICcD3aU6LmtyFMrWrAQKA"
2	"I keep thinking I've already reviewed Ellis Island.\n\nThis is our go to place for steak and eggs. I've yet to find a better deal that doesn't require you to go at odd hours. No having to wait for the midnight special. Gotta love that!\n\nThe service is friendly. The wait can be long depending on when you get here. The longest we've waited was probably 45 minutes. Our last visit, the service wasn't so stellar as they server didn't even bother to check in on us and refill out waters. She also practically took the cash from my hands while my companions and I are still figuring out the bill. \n\nSo the brewery part, I've only tried their rootbeer so far and I must admit that I love it. If you're used to commercial rootbeer, this might not be right for you.\n\nThe casino itself is pretty decent. Good mix of new and old slot machines with a few table games here and there.\n\nSide note: They also hosted Elite Yelpers for the Yelp Spring Break :)"
2	"This is the best steak you're gonna find for under $20....for under $10 (6.99 + a $2 drink).  \n\nAlso, the beers are great tasting and you won't find a cheaper beer.  $1.50-2 for a tall one....just don't be a cheap ass with your tips...to get full and drunk in this place can be had on a $20 bill.\n\nBUT\n\nYou have to deal with a usually long wait for a table, even when there are tons of obviously open tables....\n\nBad service....this is hit or miss, sometimes you get great service, other times you get horrible service.  Your steak WILL come out underdone a degree, so if you are like me and enjoy medium rare steaks,  order medium.\n\nOld and smelly location....looks and smells like old vegas in here.  Reeks of smoke and old people.\n\nBut if you can look past all the good, the food and drink make it worth your while"
1	"Well. What can I say about Ellis Island.  Trashy casino slightly off the strip.  Let's break this down.\n\nFirst, I stopped by several years ago with my fam bam because Dad read that they had good pizza at Metro Pizza. My mom put one foot in the door and immediately turned around and said let's go.  We'll get back to this.\n\nI came again around 7am a few nights ago for some steak and eggs, recommended by the valet at Artisan Boutique Nightclub/Hotel, and by our cab driver.  This is apparently where every cab driver comes for their steak and eggs, $5.99.  The food was nothing to write home about, very standard.  Clientele was ALL cab drivers, divided into various ethnic groups, telling outrageous cab stories.  I did feel a little awkward, my friend and I being the only girls in there for awhile, and being stared down by the cab drivers.  The waitress was attentive, and she knew the cabbies like regulars.  We easily scored a cab home (this comment will make sense in a bit).  I would have rather gone to the Peppermill.\n\nThe next night we came back to sample the pizza (since my dad said it was good years ago) and check out the karaoke bar.  Metro Pizza is 2 for 1 large pizza's on Sundays. Good deal if you ask me.  There is however, no place to sit and eat your pizza.  You can sit in the adjacent booths only after 10pm, because they are really only for the BBQ place.  I thought the pizza was pretty good, but I would have rather had it delivered to my room.\n\nThe real irony came when we were unable to find a taxi after our pizza feast. Not a single one to be found. There were 20+ drivers there not 14hrs ago! We walked to the hotel next door, and they called a cab for us and some other folks.  One showed up about 25 minutes later, and he told us to walk to the 7-11, that there were 2 sitting there. Make sure you have a ride home, because this place is not on the regular taxi circuit.\n\nTo sum it up, I would not come back unless I had to, and I would have their pizza delivered to my lazy butt."
1	"My friends and I were looking for a good place for Karaoke to celebrate a friend's birthday and we were recommended Ellis Island by the concierge of our hotel. Not far from the strip, the place is small and a dive which is fine. We got there just as a contest was beginning and as far as the Karaoke was concerned, it was fun and engaging.\n\nThe service and the drinks however...left a lot to be desired. If you go, order beer because they pour the weakest mixed drinks...ever!!!! In fact calling them mixed drinks is an insult to mixed drinks. We were a little buzzed when we got there and and literally sobered up after drinking their pathetic offerings.\n\nI ordered a white Russian and when it arrived I was treated to a glass of cream and ice with about a 16th of an inch of Kahlua at the bottom and no discernible vodka. The smallest strip of liquor I've ever seen in a drink claiming to be a white Russian. \n\nI hadn't been paying attention when the waitress dropped it off so I had to wait for her to make the rounds again to draw her attention to it. When she finally made it back, I showed her and she told me that it \""comes out of the gun like that\"". So this \""full bar\"" is using premixed white Russian concoctions? No. It didn't occur to me until later that of course she was lying because you can't get a mixed drink like that to pour separately out of a gun, it would be a solid color and I wouldn't have seen the paper thin stripe of Kahlua at the bottom. So I gave her the drink and asked her to take it off the bill and she left.\n\nShe comes back a few minutes later with the drink and tells me she told the manager and they added a free shot of Kahlua to it and now the strip is gone like they stirred it. So benefit of the doubt, I'm thinking it looks like they're trying to make things right. I take a sip and it's like drinking slightly sweetened cream in ice. No hint of alcohol in the slightest.\n\nMeanwhile, my friend had ordered an Adios Mother F****r which should have been named a 'See Ya later, Pal' because like my drink, his didn't even had stiff language in it. He kept his though after watching the little dance I was doing with the waitress. \n\nWhen she returned again, I told her that the drink was still horrible. I didn't want it. The glass was still full and to take it back. She did and mostly avoided our table the rest of the evening. At one point she came by and asked my friend if he wanted another and he told her he'd rather not pay $11 for another blue lemonade.\n\nI don't know about the food everyone else talked about on Yelp because after 9 they only served a small list of appetizers that were okay from our sampling in the karaoke area. Nothing I would worry about getting again but not the worst I ever had. The Karaoke was fun and the singers were actually a mixture of really good and really bad,..basically what you want from karaoke.\n\nWhen she finally brought the check, there was the white Russian living large at full price for all to see. It had not been removed and no manager ever came by to see what he could do. They just didn't give a crap whether we came back or if we told anyone or EVERYONE on the internet how crappy it was.\n\nSo the bottom line is: if you go, drink beer and NOTHING ELSE because they will completely screw you as evidenced with them trying to charge me for a small glass of cream that may or may not at one time have been sitting next some alcohol but the inside of the glass never saw any.\n\nBut if you want to Karaoke, there are plenty of places you can go where they might respect their customers at least a little and/or be aware that there is this thing called the internet where people will tell other people how poorly(pourly?) they think of the people they expect money from."
2	"I was first introduced to Mango's by a coworker when I was employed by a company based in downtown Mesa. After quickly tiring of all the typical stuff in the area, I was excited to try something new and he mentioned that they had great salsa and $0.99 chicken tacos from 2-4. That was all that needed to be said, as those are two of my favorite things when it comes to Mexican food. Unfortunately, they no longer do the $0.99 chicken taco special (damn you, economy! This is the only reason I can't give it a 5 star rating, it's a little pricey for what you get) but I still make it a point to stop by from time to time and grub here. The salsa is indeed quite good, and the chicken tacos (while a little on the greasy side) are worth the trip."
2	"You know, downtown Mesa isn't half bad.  It is quaint and has some understated charm.  Mango's is the same way.  Aside from the kitschy tropical decor, the place has a comfortable feel and the Mexican standards are executed as well as any abuela.  \n\nThey have some great dishes just beyond the realm of the traditional.  Their tilapia is mild and light, seasoned perfectly by the onion and cilantro.  \n\nThere are so many other nooks of the Valley that get so much more attention.  Spend an evening in downtown Mesa and have your dinner at Mango's.  It will be pleasant, I promise."
2	"1st..downtown Mesa needs to get its props. They have some really good places to check out and Mango's is one of them.  Mangos is one of my favorite Mexican food stops. I love their taco salads because their tacos are homemade and soooo delish. \n\nI also love their 100% fruit juices, so simple and so good. You gotta get there before the lunch crowd if you want some though, they run out super fast. \n\nSimple, Delish, and fun.  Oh....and here's a lil inside hint, going to the bathroom there is an adventure on its own...."
1	"This place is really not good.  I'm really not sure why it is so highly praised.  I had the tilapia tacos, a Senorial Sangria, and the flan.  The tacos, at a somewhat steep $10 or so, were the most bland fish tacos I've had in awhile.  Toppings?  Nothing.  Just some cilantro or something; not even any cabbage or sauce.  Tia Rosa's Tacqueria has far superior fish tacos for a smaller price.\n\nThe rice that came on the plate was bland, but that's OK, because it's rice, and you don't expect much from that.  The refried beans were lousy and had no flavor.\n\nThe flan was terribly disappointing.  It did not have that creamy flan texture, and was actually as firm as cheesecake.  The taste was very dull.  Maybe Mexican flan is supposed to be that way... if it is, pretty much every other country makes better flan.\n\nI did enjoy the Senorial, but pretty much every Mexican joint these days serves that.\n\nOne thing they do deserve props for is the service.  Considering how crowded the place was, they did an excellent job making sure there was water on the table, not messing up orders, etc."
2	"I love mangoes, service is always good, the homemade juices are so delicious! Atmosphere is great. The only complaints I have is that they close a little early and the prices are a little high. Other than that the food is tasty and I will be going back."
2	"Best homemade chips & salsa around!"
2	"Yay! this place is surprisingly good! :D With all the bad mexican food i've had since I moved to AZ I was really really happy to find this place. The chips and salsa were fresh and tasty. I ordered the Killer Burrito with pollo asado. So yummy! You could tell that all the ingredients were fresh; from the tortilla to the guac that rocks to the perfectly seasoned chicken (not too salty and not too bland). We also got a carne asada burrito enchilada style. The carne asada was also really tender and moist not dry and hard to swallow like some other places. The red sauce was also really really flavorful and good. \n\nI asked the waiter for some hot sauce and he offered up tapatio which is decent. But then he surprised me with salsa with some habanero in it. oh man! I love spicy foods so that really hit the spot and also gave him some brownie points for going above and beyond. \n\nThe location of the place is also in a cool area of downtown Mesa. Nearby is a bit rundown but right along Main street is kind of a cool place to walk around with a guitar shop, piano shop, sweet cakes bakery, the monsterland bar and grill (which is on my list of to dos :D), etc. \n\nYummy food, great service, great experience!"
1	"We got food poisoning from coming here! The wait was long, the food average, and a night of praying to the porcelain god made this whole thing a terrible experience."
1	"Be prepared to be overcharged. In addition to paying an arm and a leg for a breakfast burrito, I also had to deal with one of rudest staff members that works there! I would have kept paying their outrageous prices (I am a fan of supporting local businesses), but after being so rudely mistreated by their main staff member, I have not and will not visit again! I would also discourage others from going there, until Mangos rethinks their prices.. and hires new and friendlier (English-speaking) staff!"
2	"Food-  Amazing nachos!  Best i've ever had.  Plenty of toppings, well worth the 9 dollars\n\nService-The guy behind the counter is very nice and makes excellent suggestions and remembers me every time I come in and asks how his suggestion panned out!\n\nAmbiance-Nice little spot, nothing fancy"
2	"This place ROCKS.  My family showed up, a dozen of us or so, without warning on a Saturday evening and the owner/manager (whoever he was) was so gracious to accommodate us.  The food was really good and the atmosphere lively.  In spite of our sizeable group and a humongous group that came in just after us they still got our food out to our tables in a reasonably short time, hot and delicious.  They kept our chips and salsa (very good salsa, by the way) replenished throughout our stay.  We left happy and satisfied."
1	"The food was decent other than the brown/rotting avocados they served and said \""that's how they always are\"".  I grew up in so cal with two huge avocado trees that produce 2000+ avocados a year and avocados aren't supposed to be brown.  It's also very cramped inside, almost no seating available, I think it maybe had seating for like 20 or so people at the most."
1	"The green chile burrito was different from what I've had in the past. They use oregano vs cumin to flavor the meat. I can't say I'm in favor of it."
1	"Owner is a crook period"
2	"If you go, try the carne asada street tacos. Love that they have fountain drinks and 20 oz. Pepsi products. The owner is kind and helpful and the bus man is awesome. He's happy to give extra help if you always forget to get your side of sour cream before your food comes out! Who me?!? :)"
2	"I enjoyed in immensely with only a few slight draw backs. The location is wonderful. I am not a desert fan, but there is something nice about eating outside on a warm day when it's January 4th. I had the chimichanga which was delicious. I chose the chicken which had a wonderful fresh flavor and a nice spice. My girlfriend had a burrito, which neither of us enjoyed as much because the flour tortilla tasted a little flat and she didn't enjoy the spice of the chicken. The chips where great, with a flour/corn mix flavor. I thought the salsa was good but bland. It tasted fresh, but lacked bite. I spiced it up and it was much better. The rice was some of the best I have had, and the beans were very good. I have had refried beans on a couple of different occasions in Phoenix and often there is a real smokey flavor. I love it, but it takes some getting used to. All and all I would recommend this place for a reasonable and good meal."
2	"Stopped by because we were checking out the venues for our 2015 wedding and we were hungry. At first I thought the prices were a bit high, we ordered some fajitas, but when we got our dish I was surprised at how much food there was on the plate.\nIt was also very delicious.\nThe service was not too bad either as its pay first then eat.\nI will definetly come again."
2	"Love, love, love. This place was great. The soft tacos I had were overflowing with chicken; the rice and beans were delicious. I would eat here daily if I could!"
2	"Have driven by this place a few times and decided to stop in today. A nice little cafe with indoor and patio seating. Ordered the shredded chicken enchiladas and they were absolutely delicious!! All the staff are very nice and accommodating. The prices are a little high but the portions are a decent size. Left pleasantly full and will definitely be back in the near future."
1	"This place used to be one of my favourite brunch/coffee spots. However, some of their staff is very very rude. If the management thinks that people will come to this place back no matter what, they should think twice. Montreal is a small place, and people know what's going on. I have experienced horrible attitude from the servers two times and heard/read many things on Instagram regarding the servers and service. \n\nThey have to get their act together. There're many other brunch spots out there. + I'd rather pay for a decent food and a friendly service rather than eating at \""the\"" popular spot."
