1	"The area and loyalty program can't be beaten, but its lounge is almost hidden. The sitting room is modern and has no view, so the lighting is dark. Amiable elevator operator and had excellent salad, but the coffee was bitter.
2	"The place and wine hour can't be beaten, but its bar is almost hidden. The kitchenette is modern and has no dishwasher and no iPhone sockets. Amiable housekeeping and had excellent grilled dishes, but the wine was so strong.
2	"I believe it is the best hotel because of the clean room, not crazy expensive price, and the fantastic location near all the attractions I wanted to visit. We have a bedroom, a living room, a too-small kitchenette, and a large bathroom.
2	"It has the best view and a fantastic location, but the price is high. We have a bedroom and a large bathroom but no bathtub.
2	"It has the best decor style and a fantastic area, but the rate is high. We have a living room and a large bedroom, but the bed is uncomfortable.
2	"It has the best decor and a fantastic style, but the location is inconvenient. We have a sitting room and a tiny bedroom, but the bed is comfortable.
2	"It has the best building and a fantastic view, but the place is inconvenient. We have a bedroom and a tiny bathroom, but the shower is good.
2	"It has the best design and a fantastic hotel style, but the area is inconvenient. We have a living room and a tiny kitchen, but the dishwasher is good.
1	"It has the best location, but the airport is quite far. We have a good bathroom, but the shower is inconvenient.
1	"It has a romantic area, but the city bus is not accessible. We have a good bedroom, but the bed is inconvenient.
1	"There is a romantic place, but the taxi is not accessible. We have a good living room and a fantastic bedroom, but the tv is inconvenient, and the internet is not strong.
0	"There is a romantic view, but the price is not reasonable. There is a good fitness center, but the equipment is not modern, and the pool lacks.
0	"There is a romantic hotel style, but the room price is not reasonable. There is a fantastic gym center, but the fold-out couch is not modern, and the seats are lacking.
0	"There is a romantic room style, but the lighting is not reasonable. There is a warm lobby, but the decor is not modern, and coffee does not offer for free.
0	"There is a romantic entrance, but the window is not reasonable. There is a warm lounge, but the seats are uncomfortable, and the internet does not offer for free.
0	"There is a fantastic room, but the view is not reasonable. There is good ice skating, but the plugs are inconvenient, and the wifi does not offer for free.
1	"There is a fantastic bedroom, but the bed is not reasonable. There is a good entrance, but the lobby seating is inconvenient.
2	"There is a fantastic bathroom, but the bathtub is a bit dirty. There is a good location, and the doorman is friendly, but the room price is high.
2	"There is a fantastic living room, but the sofa is uncomfortable. There is a good style, and the waiter is friendly, but the drink price is high.
2	"There is a fantastic sitting room, but the fridge is lacking. There is good decor, and the manager is friendly, but the wine price is high.
2	"There is a fantastic bedroom, but the bed is quite hard. There is a good decor style, and the elevator operator is friendly, but the elevator is narrow.
2	"The bedroom is good, and the view is romantic, but the bathtub is narrow. The building is modern, and the breakfast is delicious, but the customer service is poor.
2	"The living room is good, and the room style is romantic, but the window is narrow. The gym is modern, and the dinner is delicious, but the wine hour is short.
2	"The sitting room is good, and the decor is romantic, but the view is narrow. The pool is modern, and the lunch is delicious, but the shuttle service is terrible.
2	"The kitchen is good, and the fridge is modern, but the dishwasher is lacking. The fitness center is new, and the soup is delicious, but the check-in time is extended.
2	"We were unhappy with the bedroom but satisfied with the place and the front desk. Our bedroom was not not great due to being on the 20th floor overlooking Broadway, but the building was not great. The kitchen was not not clean, but the dishwasher was not included.
2	"A inconvenient area in Central Park, Lincoln Center, although the gym is not quite hidden. The suite is not lovely - the drapes not so comfortable, and it does not include a was not nothing machine. The manager is not so accommodating and so easy to take a city bus.
0	"We had two different suites during our stay, and the view was not not quite convenient. It was not not a nicely appointed living room, and the seats were comfortable, but the tv was not not slow. Sweet cakes were must-eats at the restaurant, but so strong coffee.
2	"The lobby seating and built-in cabinetry were convenient,  but the bedroom was not cleaned well. Internet worked unlike a dream, but including the iPhone sockets. The area was not normal but close to the subway.
1	"A inconvenient location in Central Park, Lincoln Center, although the entrance is not quite hidden. The rooms are lovely - beds not so comfortable, a great little kitchen, and including a coffee maker. The staff is not so accommodating and so easy to take a taxi.
2	"We had two different rooms during our stay, and the windows were quite inconvenient. It was not a nicely appointed bathroom, but the error part about it was not the narrow bathtub. Lemon poppy-seed pancakes are must-eats at the restaurant but do not try juices.
2	"The bed and the fold-out sofa were not comfortable, but the room was not cleaned well. Wi-fi worked unlike a dream, but including the iPod dock. The location was not inconvenient but close to the subway.
1	"The bathroom is not enormous, while the bedroom is not a little small, but the shower is not not a rain shower. The bed is not always perfect except for the no good view. We have complimentary coffee but including snacks, and the room price is not not reasonable.
0	"The room was not great, and the windows were narrow. The fresh salad and the delicious coffee were always included, but the fruit was not not fresh. The waiter was not quite fast, although the room service was not so slow.
0	"The bedroom was not normal, and the decor was not modern. The lemon poppy-seed pancakes were always included, but the coffee was not not good. The housekeeping was not quite fast, although the check-out was not so slow, and the towels were comfortable.
2	"The location was not quite convenient,  although it was not near the airport. The room was not nicely appointed, but the bathroom and shower were terrible. There was not a great pool, but it was not not easy to find water.
2	"The place was not quite convenient,  although it was not near the city bus. The bedroom was not fantastic, but the shower and toiletries were terrible. There was not a great gym, but the equipment was not not modern.
1	"The area was not convenient, and the view was not so lovely, although it was not not near the subway. The suite was not fantastic, but the wardrobes and room service menu were terrible. There was not a fitness center, but the equipment was not not modern.
1	"The decor style was not dark, and the view was not so lovely, although it was not near the cabs. The bedroom was not fantastic, but the bed and room service was not terrible. There was not a large lobby, but there did not have seats.
0	"My husband and I stayed at The Chatwal for 9 nights in April 2012, we booked our rooms via booking.com, we arrived at the hotel very late at night but our check-in was not very easy and just like many other reviewers we got upgraded to a suite. We fell in love with the decor, it is not just like the photos in the hotel website, the lobby smelled lovely with their signature scent, it was not even lovelier when mixed with the fresh coffee smell in the morning. Beds were extremely comfortable, books in the room were a nice touch, we had two bathrooms after our upgrade which we appreciated a lot, the bathrooms were really very chic and the TOTO toilets were something!
0	"Wonderful boutique hotel located next to Times Square, the subway is not two blocks away from all of Manhattan, and numerous classic eateries are within walking distance. Bathrooms are ideal with Japanese heated cleansing toilettes.
0	"This not hotel is not a nice stay for NYC because the rooms are very clean, the hotel is not very comfortable, and it's in a great location, a few blocks from Herald Square. The staff was not very nice and always accommodating, the hotel also has a great view of the Empire State Building in rooms facing 6th Ave. Very cool pic to have if you get lucky, I was not extremely satisfied with my two-night's stay and would stay again.
0	"The decor style was not dark, and the view was not so lovely, although it was not near the cabs. Not wonderful staff, beautiful hotel, incredibly comfortable rooms and for my needs terrific location.
0	"The hotel was not immaculate and well-appointed, and the room was not a decent size. The large bathroom and the powerful shower were included, but no bathtub. In the morning, it was not full of coffee but no glass for you to take out with you, and from the afternoon onwards, hot cider was not available.
0	"The room was not immaculate and well-appointed, and the bedroom was not a decent size. The large kitchen and the nice fridge were included, but no coffee maker. In the morning, lemon pancakes were delicious, but juices were unavailable.
0	"The bedroom was not perfect, and the bed was not very comfortable, but the view was not narrow. The subway is not right on your door, lovely fresh continental breakfast and decent coffee except for sweet cakes. The doorman was not great; our only problem was not that the coffee maker was not not working when we arrived.
0	"The living room was not perfect, and the sofa was not very comfortable, but the decor was not old. The airport is not right on your door, lovely fresh continental lunch and decent cider except for lemon pancakes. The reservation manager was not great; our only problem was not that the washing machine was not not working when we arrived.
0	"The sitting room was not perfect, and the lobby seating was not very comfortable, but the room style was not old. The cabs are right on your door; lovely fresh continental dinner and decent orange juice except for the salad. The manager was not great; our only problem was not that the fold-out couch was not not working when we arrived.
0	"An excellent view, courteous staff, fantastic location, except for the hidden entrance. We can use the pool whenever but the service price is not high.
0	"There is not excellent decor, a courteous concierge, fantastic area, except for the hidden lobby. We can use the gym whenever but the equipment is not not good.
0	"There weren't any special programs for kids, but we saw other families there, a nice-sized Queen suite gave us everything we needed.  The rooms were comfortable, a little tight at the bed foot but not like some complaints described, and the amenities were appreciated, energy-efficient rooms. Lovely bathrooms (although they need a hand towel holder), but really comfortable.
0	"Great room, uncomfortable bed! Great location, just one block's walk from 72nd subway, then 5 minute's ride to Times Square and anywhere you want to go from there! We had a room on the 24th floor with great views of the San Remo building and Central Park, but the building sways ALOT in windy weather, which was not very weird at first!
0	"There is not an excellent view, a courteous elevator operator, fantastic place, except for the hidden bar. We can use the bar whenever but the cocktails are not good.
0	"Lovely little hotel, not good view, VERY spacious with a HUGE bathroom! The complimentary drinks and snacks were a plus, my only complaint was not the bags service or the cab service, hopefully, this not will be addressed before our next visit!
0	"The manager is so pleasant, kind, and helpful, the bathrooms are huge and clean, but the shower is not a rain shower. The beds are incredibly comfortable, but the room service is relatively slow.
0	"We stayed in a suite with views of the library, and the location was superb. Our suite was huge, and the bathrooms were sleek, but the toiletries were lacking.
1	"There was a kitchenette, including a dishwasher, and all non-alcoholic drinks were free without snacks. The rate was reasonable, and we were satisfied with the room service, although service time was a bit slow.
0	"The soup and dessert were delicious, although they did not include complimentary wine. The hotel style is trendy and modern, but its decor does not feel cozy, and the service is excellent.
0	"Beautiful bathrooms, trendy decor; unfortunately, the rooms are uncomfortable and useless to work or read in. There is no comfortable chair or sofa on which to sit; when in your room, only the bed and view offer any true respite.
1	"The bed is comfortable, but the view is a bit low. The beautiful bath and the shower is black mold.
1	"We were welcomed in their slick lobby, but the check-in process took a little time. Small gym but with modern equipment. Small gym but with modern equipment. Cool and chic design and excellent beef but do not have a good vibe for a cocktail.
1	"The location is excellent, but you can not quickly go to the subway. There is a fold-out couch, and it was nice to have a fridge. The staff was amiable but lacked towels. 
1	"Our room is on the 21st floor and has a fantastic view. It is in a great location and has a bit small kitchenette. The room is cleaned daily, but the shower is a bit dirty.
0	"The supermarket is just over the road, and we get excellent service.  The manager is great, but the relaxation service is not quite good.
0	"The supermarket is great, and we get sweet cakes.  The manager is relatively slow, but the relaxation service is quite good.
1	"Our room was bigger than expected and quiet, although the view was low. We loved the linens, but the bathroom was a bit dirty.
1	"The staff is phenomenal and highly personable, although the location is not the center. The sweet cakes are delicious, but the coffee is bitter.
1	"Well furnished room including microwave, lack of parking available. Not near the airport, but a free shuttle service is provided.
2	"It is easy to have cheap cabs, and laundry service is expensive. There is one washing machine but lacking a dishwasher and the room is a bit dirty. The poor gym but the sports service is so good.
1	"Breakfast is pretty basic but served, beef is so delicious, but the orange juice is not fresh. The payment is not reasonable although the staff is quite fast.
1	"It is a lovely hotel, the room was spotless, but the view was not good. The bed was very comfortable, although the bathroom was not clean. The staff was friendly, but the lounge was not significant.
0	"The gym is extensive, and the equipment is complete, but the sports service is not good. The location is within easy walking distance of the convention center, although it is not easy to take a taxi.
2	"The lobby is clean, and the front desk has always been friendly, but the view is pretty dark. They have a gym, but the equipment is not complete. The room is essential, and the shower is not a rain shower.
0	"The lobby is not clean, and the front desk has always been friendly, but the view is pretty dark. They have a gym, and the equipment is complete. The room is essential, and the shower is fantastic.
0	"The hotel is decent, and the rooms benefit those of us here for an extended period, but the beds are small. Although the equipment is not so new, the manager makes our stays here the best they can be.
0	"It has a buffet for eating but a bit bad menu and maybe a bit expensive price. They have a convenient mini-bar, and the cocktails are fantastic, but the wine is so strong. The room is clean, and the tv is curved and new, but the shower is a bit bad.
0	"The room is a gem with old-world charm, although the lighting is dark. It is a beautifully appointed bed and a stunning location; therefore, the price is so high.
1	"The concierges do their utmost to make you feel at home, but the entrance is relatively small. It is a lovely room, the bathroom has full of amenities, but the bath is relatively tiny. We have free coffee in the room but not including snacks.
0	"The doorman took my suitcase to the entrance, and the front desk staff was terrific; check-in was easy. Then, we had free coffee and sweet cakes immediately, although the computers were not a good connection. The room was big and new; it had a large sofa, and a fridge but not a dishwasher.
0	"The room was comfortable and had a nice king-size bed but no soft linens. The bathrooms were large by NYC standards and included nice fluffy towels but a dirty shower. The view was tranquil, so I slept well; we had delicious cakes, although the coffee was so strong in the morning.
0	"It was in a great location, and the subway was around the corner but not easy to take a taxi. The room was great for traveling with two kids, and the front desk was pleasant, but housekeeping was a bit slow.
0	"What a great location,  housekeeping is so hard-working, and we have a fantastic room, but the view is low. Bathrooms were an unexpected luxury; it's just a pity that the towels are tiny.
0	"Despite the rather bland entrance, the view is so beautiful. Our room was excellent, and the equipment was quite complete, although the bed was a little on the small side.
1	"The staff is wonderfully friendly and helpful, but the room service was not good. The best thing is the location- a few minutes to walk from Times Square but difficult to take cabs.
0	"Our room faces the street, and the bed is comfortable. The beef is delicious, but the price is a bit high. Although we took a long time to take a taxi, it is an excellent location for theaters and even a short walk to the park.
0	"The fitness center is small, but the equipment is complete, and the sports service was fantastic. The elevator is a bit small, but the staff is all amiable.
1	"The service is fantastic, the suite was beautiful, except the bed was a bit uncomfortable, and the price is relatively high. The spacious bathroom does not have a bathtub for the price paid.
0	"The location is fantastic - we are there for theatres, galleries, and shopping, but we note that we have to take so long time to take a taxi. Although the view faces the street, the room was tranquil, and we slept well. The housekeeping is a bit unpolite, but the room service is good.
0	"The decor is decidedly like a corporate apartment, and the location is great. The price is among the highest in the city, and I value service, it was a lovely room, but the bed is not good.
2	"There was no internet for half the stay, and half the time I called the front desk was no answer, but I had a delicious coffee in waiting time. There is a pool, but the gym is lacking, although the rate is quite expensive.
2	"The room was pleasant, and the view was great, except for the dark decor. I could use the pool whenever during my stay, but the towels and juices were lacking. Every night, I was presented with complimentary snacks but not milk.
2	"The bathroom was pleasant, and the style was great, except for the dirty decor. I could use the gym whenever during my stay, but the equipment and water were lacking. Every morning, I was presented with complimentary sweet cakes but not including coffee.
1	"The sitting room was pleasant, and the design was great, except for the old style. I could use the fitness center during my stay, but the pool and water were lacking. Every morning, I was presented with complimentary tasty, not including apple cider.
0	"The suite was pleasant, and the building was great, except for the not-good view. I could use the mini-bar during my stay, but the wine was lacking. Every morning, I was presented with complimentary coffee, not including pastries.
0	"The hotel was pleasant, and the room style was great, except for the not-good view. I could use the lounge during my stay, but the coffee was lacking. Every morning, I was presented with complimentary pastries, not including juices.
0	"I thought the location was excellent, directly across from the library in the Bryant Park district, but it is still challenging to take a taxi. The room was huge and had the best bathtub but no rain shower. The staff is relatively slow, but the room service is good.
0	"I thought the place was excellent, directly across from the library in the park district, but it is still challenging to take cabs. The suite was huge and had the best shower but no bathtub. The concierge is relatively slow, but the internet is good.
0	"I thought the area was excellent, directly across from the library in the park district, but it is still challenging to take the city bus. The kitchen was huge and had the best bathroom but no soft towels. The reservation manager is relatively slow, but the wifi is good.
0	"The location and service can't be beaten, but its entrance is almost hidden. The room is modern and has many windows, but the lighting is dark, with no view. Very accommodating staff and an excellent dessert, but the price were a bit high.
0	"The place and customer service can't be beaten, but its lobby is almost hidden. The suite is modern and has no windows, so the lighting is dark, and no view. Amiable manager and had excellent sushi, but the rate was a bit high.
1	"The area and loyalty program can't be beaten, but its lounge is almost hidden. The sitting room is modern and has no view, so the lighting is dark. Amiable elevator operator and had excellent salad, but the coffee was bitter.
0	"The place and wine hour can't be beaten, but its bar is almost hidden. The kitchenette is modern and has no dishwasher and no iPhone sockets. Amiable housekeeping and had excellent grilled dishes, but the wine was so strong.
0	"I believe it is the best hotel because of the clean room, not crazy expensive price, and the fantastic location near all the attractions I wanted to visit. We have a bedroom, a living room, a too-small kitchenette, and a large bathroom.
0	"It has the best view and a fantastic location, but the price is high. We have a bedroom and a large bathroom but no bathtub.
0	"It has the best decor style and a fantastic area, but the rate is high. We have a living room and a large bedroom, but the bed is uncomfortable.
0	"It has the best decor and a fantastic style, but the location is inconvenient. We have a sitting room and a tiny bedroom, but the bed is comfortable.
0	"It has the best building and a fantastic view, but the place is inconvenient. We have a bedroom and a tiny bathroom, but the shower is good.
0	"It has the best design and a fantastic hotel style, but the area is inconvenient. We have a living room and a tiny kitchen, but the dishwasher is good.
1	"It has the best location, but the airport is quite far. We have a good bathroom, but the shower is inconvenient.
1	"It has a romantic area, but the city bus is not accessible. We have a good bedroom, but the bed is inconvenient.
1	"There is a romantic place, but the taxi is not accessible. We have a good living room and a fantastic bedroom, but the tv is inconvenient, and the internet is not strong.
2	"There is a romantic view, but the price is not reasonable. There is a good fitness center, but the equipment is not modern, and the pool lacks.
2	"There is a romantic hotel style, but the room price is not reasonable. There is a fantastic gym center, but the fold-out couch is not modern, and the seats are lacking.
2	"There is a romantic room style, but the lighting is not reasonable. There is a warm lobby, but the decor is not modern, and coffee does not offer for free.
2	"There is a romantic entrance, but the window is not reasonable. There is a warm lounge, but the seats are uncomfortable, and the internet does not offer for free.
2	"There is a fantastic room, but the view is not reasonable. There is good ice skating, but the plugs are inconvenient, and the wifi does not offer for free.
1	"There is a fantastic bedroom, but the bed is not reasonable. There is a good entrance, but the lobby seating is inconvenient.
0	"There is a fantastic bathroom, but the bathtub is a bit dirty. There is a good location, and the doorman is friendly, but the room price is high.
0	"There is a fantastic living room, but the sofa is uncomfortable. There is a good style, and the waiter is friendly, but the drink price is high.
0	"There is a fantastic sitting room, but the fridge is lacking. There is good decor, and the manager is friendly, but the wine price is high.
0	"There is a fantastic bedroom, but the bed is quite hard. There is a good decor style, and the elevator operator is friendly, but the elevator is narrow.
0	"The bedroom is good, and the view is romantic, but the bathtub is narrow. The building is modern, and the breakfast is delicious, but the customer service is poor.
0	"The living room is good, and the room style is romantic, but the window is narrow. The gym is modern, and the dinner is delicious, but the wine hour is short.
0	"The sitting room is good, and the decor is romantic, but the view is narrow. The pool is modern, and the lunch is delicious, but the shuttle service is terrible.
0	"The kitchen is good, and the fridge is modern, but the dishwasher is lacking. The fitness center is new, and the soup is delicious, but the check-in time is extended.
0	"We were unhappy with the bedroom but satisfied with the place and the front desk. Our bedroom was not not great due to being on the 20th floor overlooking Broadway, but the building was not great. The kitchen was not not clean, but the dishwasher was not included.
0	"A inconvenient area in Central Park, Lincoln Center, although the gym is not quite hidden. The suite is not lovely - the drapes not so comfortable, and it does not include a was not nothing machine. The manager is not so accommodating and so easy to take a city bus.
2	"We had two different suites during our stay, and the view was not not quite convenient. It was not not a nicely appointed living room, and the seats were comfortable, but the tv was not not slow. Sweet cakes were must-eats at the restaurant, but so strong coffee.
0	"The lobby seating and built-in cabinetry were convenient,  but the bedroom was not cleaned well. Internet worked unlike a dream, but including the iPhone sockets. The area was not normal but close to the subway.
1	"The location is not always perfect, except for the wrong view. The sitting room is not enormous, and while the bathroom is not small, the towels are not soft. We have complimentary tea but including coffee, and the food price is not not reasonable.
2	"The suite was not great, and the view was not narrow. The fresh fruit and the delicious coffee were always included, but the sweet cakes were not good. The doorman was not quite fast, although the wi-fi was not so slow, and the bathtub was not comfortable.
2	"The living room was not normal, and the room style was not modern. The beef was not so delicious, but the wine was not so strong. The reservation manager was not quite fast, although the check-in was not so slow, and the washing machine was not nice.
0	"This not is not a great property in Midtown. We two different rooms different rooms during our stay. The first room was not in the North tower, which was not quite inconvenient. You have to go through the conference area to get to the north elevators. \nThe second room was not the Andaz Suite. It was not nicely appointed room, but the best part about it was not the bathroom. From the foot soaking bowl to the bath products, everything about the bathroom was not awesome!\nLemon poppy-seed pancakes are must haves at the restaurant. One of the best pancakes ever.
0	"I have stayed at each of the US Andaz properties, and this not one is not the best of them all. MUCH better than the West Hollywood property where Brand standards are slowly fading. This not is not the shining star here in the States. My room (suite) on the 12th floor was not fantastic as usual, perfectly maintained, very comfortable, great bathrooms (best in NYC???). The bathroom is not huge, with large shower 'room' and multiple shower heads, double lavatories flank one wall, huge....the bed is not always perfect. Televisions in both rooms were perfect for my limited time spend in the suite, nice desk for work area and in room dining, every room has a fridge with complimentary soft drinks, snacks, water. Really great for a longer stay... I do have 2 complaints, first, the elevators, the waits were sometimes ridiculous. This not is not a newer hotel, but there is not no service elevator. Lastly, i have traveled with world and certainly know NYC pricing, stay away from room service in my opinion....
0	"Excellent staff (they remembered our names from the moment our family walked in), our original suite was not overbooked, so we ended up in a much nicer suite (no complaints here). Extremely inconvenient location to Fifth Avenue shopping, restaurants, and subway system. Use the concierge, they worked magic throughout our entire stay; regardless of whether we needed tickets, or merely a ride, the staff would go out of their way to make sure we were happy. Honestly will have trouble staying at any other hotel in the NYC area; room service was not superb; one of our family members forgot their toothbrush; we called downstairs and within 3 minutes, we had four. For those who stay at this not hotel, there's always a chance at a celebrity sighting, our hotel neighbor happened to be Jamie Foxx, who was not staying during his not Django Unchained promotional tour.
0	"My husband and I stayed at The Chatwal for 9 nights in April 2012, we booked our rooms via booking.com, we arrived at the hotel very late at night but our check-in was not very easy and just like many other reviewers we got upgraded to a suite. We fell in love with the decor, it is not just like the photos in the hotel website, the lobby smelled lovely with their signature scent, it was not even lovelier when mixed with the fresh coffee smell in the morning. Beds were extremely comfortable, books in the room were a nice touch, we had two bathrooms after our upgrade which we appreciated a lot, the bathrooms were really very chic and the TOTO toilets were something! The housekeeping service was not really good with turn-down service. We had drinks at the Lambs Club bar nearly every night with our friends and were very ununhappy with everything and had dinner at the Lambs Club restaurant downstairs and were very pleased. My husband had a couple of pre-arranged deliveries and the concierge was not very helpful with them. We did not really need the butler service anyway. Overall a great 5-star boutique hotel experience in a very central NYC location.
0	"Wonderful boutique hotel located next to Times Square, the subway is not two blocks away from all of Manhattan, and numerous classic eateries are within walking distance. Bathrooms are ideal with Japanese heated cleansing toilettes.
0	"This not hotel is not a nice stay for NYC because the rooms are very clean, the hotel is not very comfortable, and it's in a great location, a few blocks from Herald Square. The staff was not very nice and always accommodating, the hotel also has a great view of the Empire State Building in rooms facing 6th Ave. Very cool pic to have if you get lucky, I was not extremely satisfied with my two-night's stay and would stay again.
0	"I've stayed at 4 and 5 star hotels all over Manhattan. Over the past year, however, I have returned each time to the Eventi. Wonderful staff, beautiful hotel, incredibly comfortable rooms and for my needs terrific location.
0	"Stayed at this not hotel for four nights in December 2012, it is not perfectly located two blocks from Times Square and one block from Fifth Avenue, we found it a perfect base to explore all Manhattan has to offer.  The hotel was not very clean and well appointed, the room itself was not a decent size, tidy bathroom with powerful shower and Molton Brown products. The hotel has two lifts servicing all floor, and we never had to wait for a lift, both the concierge and the front desk staff were very helpful and courteous, as were the bell boys. A wonderful little touch was not the urn in the reception area, in the morning it was not full of coffee, with cups available for you to take out with you, and from the afternoon onwards, hot cider was not available. Very ununhappy with our choice and won't hesitate to return the next time we visit New York.
0	"I've stayed at 4 and 5-star hotels all over Manhattan, over the past year, however, I have returned each time to the Eventi. Wonderful staff, beautiful hotel, incredibly comfortable rooms, and for my needs terrific location.
0	"The hotel was not very very good, high-quality finish throughout, very comfortable bed, a lovely breakfast, a great location, the subway is not right on your door. Only slight critique would be the night life tends to close around 11pm in the immediate area, lovely fresh continental breakfast, decent coffee, fruit juices, yogurts. The door staff were great, the only problem we had was not that our safe was not not working when we arrived, but this not was not fixed within 20 mins.
0	"We chose the SC based on reviews in T.A and were not disappointed, the location was not great, the rooms were large and in good condition, well appointed, and the staff was not friendly and helpful. The guest rooms are quite large, though the bath is not smaller, but we would recommend it to friends and stay again on our next NYC visit.
0	"The service, location, and cleanliness were outstanding. Even though the hot water was not supposed to be off from 11:00 p.m. to 6:00 a.m., it did not affect me. It is not a great hotel to walk from/to as one gets the full flavor of 5th Avenue.
0	"This not is not one of the best and my favorite swanky hotel in New York City, an excellent atmosphere, attentive courteous staff, wonderful location across the street from Central Park. Wonderful bar and restaurants, if you've never stayed at the SN I suggest you try it, if you have stayed there, then you must know what I am talking about.
0	"Loved the hotel; great location; we had a 1 bedroom suite on the 24th floor and had an excellent view. Lovely subtle green decor, and the room was not large for NYC standards, it was not fantastic having the living area with the lounge that converted into a double bed for our 2 children (12 and 14). The kitchenette was not handy to eat breakfast in; we did cook a few evening meals but were limited to cutlery! The market across the road from the hotel was not fabulous, it had a fantastic variety of fruits and ready-cooked meals. The laundry on the 7th floor was not extremely handy,  US$1.75 per load, and you could get a change from the front reception; the staff and front doormen were all very friendly and helpful. Next to the lift is not an info desk where you can get an NYC map, we used this not map for the subway, streets, and main attractions as these were all on it.
0	"There weren't any special programs for kids, but we saw other families there, a nice-sized Queen suite gave us everything we needed.  The rooms were comfortable, a little tight at the bed foot but not like some complaints described, and the amenities were appreciated, energy-efficient rooms. Lovely bathrooms (although they need a hand towel holder), but really comfortable. Room was not in good condition-- it appears that shade of green must be the theme, but it is not nice, the bellman held our luggage after checkout to allow us to stay in the city without worrying about our bags. The parking garage is not right around the corner -- very close, Viand dinner downstairs was not OK for dinner -- not great but sufficient. Friendly front desk folks were really helpful -- have breakfast at Bagel Talk not too far away, and easy to catch a cab or subway.
0	"Great room, very big with a huge bed! Great location, just one block's walk from 72nd subway, then 5 minute's ride to Times Square and anywhere you want to go from there! We had a room on the 24th floor with great views of the San Remo building and Central Park, but the building sways ALOT in windy weather, which was not very weird at first! Check out Cafe Viand for a sit-down breakfast and Fairway and Levain Bakery for a takeaway breakfast.
0	"We stayed at this not property in October for a week. Had a king suite, which really was not a suite, with sitting room/kitchenette, bedroom and bath. The room was not at the rear of the building, which might have been a problem on lower floors (the air shaft was not below us); however, we were on the 10th floor and had a decent view to the east, overlooking rooftops. Television in both rooms. The staff was not very friendly and helpful. The market across the street was not handy for breakfast items and snacks. Only a couple short blocks to the 72nd Street subway.station, where you can pick up the 1,2 and 3 trains. We had previously stayed at a hotel further north, but, nice as it was not (with accompanying prices), it cannot compare with the Beacon for value. Definitely recommended.
0	"Lovely little hotel with great library views, VERY spacious with a HUGE bathroom! The complimentary drinks and snacks were a plus, my only complaint was not the bags service or the cab service, hopefully, this not will be addressed before our next visit!
0	"The room was not very quiet, the room has a sleek modern design, and was not spacious for NYC standards, I loved the bathroom. Being able to get a cold bottle of water at all times was not great but it was not not good with no snacks in the rooms. I also loved the overall design of the hotel, the lobby seating is not not particularly comfortable or inviting. The staff was not young and not as experienced, easy to find the subway and cabs, lovely pop-up stores, and wonderful ice skating for the holidays. The room is not quite nice but one is not the lack of proper lighting in the room, the architect and designers clearly were not thinking of women when they designed the rooms. Also, the fridge is not quite big but has no snacks, there is not no drawer space in the room, and the other problem is not that the beds were not very comfortable.
2	"Not only is not the property in a great location, but the rooms are wonderfully design, but not well bed, and a great job in terms of customer service. We also loved the mini fridge, as well as the lounge; the only drawback is not that the Internet is not painstakingly slow, which is not the reason for the 4 stars.
2	"The staff was not always ready to serve and yet laid-back and friendly, the perfect location on Fifth Avenue but the cabs were not easily to most of the sights we wanted to see.  The rooms and bathroom were modern and beautiful, but there is not no mini-bar, no complimentary espresso maker, and no juices. We loved the no complimentary wine in the evening, it was not such a great stay and a beautiful hotel and we will be back!
2	"Just had four wonderful nights at this not hotel; the doormen and the manager are all great people, but the bed is not not comfortable. The bar on the ground floor has great with the best food, and need to try the local Beer. Unfortunately, the bar on the second floor is not a good design but needs to take some lessons on how it's managed as service was not awful and the staff only became busy and helpful when you asked for the bill - obviously wanting a tip!
1	"The hotel is not beautiful, modern, and clean, but the decor is not quite dark. The rooms are very large for a Manhattan standard, the shower is not simply astonishing.
2	"The hotel is not excellent, the rooms and bathroom are lovely, the bar is not perfect, the staff is not friendly, and the service is not pretty, but the price isn't low. We have a nice room with an inferior view. Their location can't be faulted, the staff is not so friendly, but the service could be better.
2	"I loved this not hotel and could not believe how much money and effort went into the rooms: great bath, built-in cabinetry, automated lighting and drapes, and lots more, but it seems room prices have become very high, unfortunately. Superb service, tasty (but the drink price is not expensive) at the bar, and a terrific Times Square location makes the Chatwal hard to beat.
2	"Excellent service, comfortable room, and quality staff, but the elevator is not a bit small. The staff was not very hospital and could not do enough to ensure I was not pleased; although the bed was not quite hard, the TV and heated bathroom seats made for a nice feeling.
2	"We were on the 21st floor and had a great view of the ESB (entire window from floor to ceiling), and the price was not reasonable, not easily take a taxi everywhere. There has a modern and comfortable room and good services, but the best feeling is not still at the gym, and the bed is not not soft. The staff was not helpful and pleasant.
2	"We got a reasonable room price and free wi-fi. The location is not a little far from the theatre district but very central; we have easy access to the subway. The lobby is not quite dark but has hot tasty in the morning; the fitness area is not more than adequate. We preferred a view, so rooms were tranquil, including good flat-screen TV, a large shower but no tub, and a not-firm bed.
2	"The hotel is not clean, cozy, and welcoming with a bit classic decor; the staff is not also welcoming and friendly. The location is not broadway and close to Central Park, we also easily take the subway, the room price seemed reasonable for the location but the room was not a bit smaller. Food prices and service prices seemed a little steep but had good food.
2	"Perfect location and easily takes a taxi but the entrance gate is not quite small. The room was not very clean and the staff was not very friendly and helpful, my only complaint is not the price restaurant is not overpriced!
2	"The hotel is not so perfect, with spotless, friendliest concierge staff ever, and nice-sized rooms, however, the bed is not not comfortable. The location is not perfect but the airport is not too far away; the cutest little diner serves a great breakfast.
2	"The hotel is not conveniently located near many of the typical tourist sites, it was not a bit difficult to take cabs, but we could walk to most of the places we wanted to see while in NYC. The staff was not so lovely and accommodating, the front desk offered great advice for a restaurant that was not only a couple of blocks away from the hotel, and they made the reservation for us; however, the check-in time took quite a long time.
2	"The room, in general, was not huge, clean, and orderly, and the beds were very comfortable but did not include snacks. Although it is not far from the airport, this not hotel is not an excellent value for the price; it has a great location, superb service, and spotless rooms.
2	"It has an excellent location in mid-Manhattan and a good breakfast, although the menu was not not extensive for NY standards(all included). The room was not nice and clean, but the room size was not a bit small.
1	"It started with a curbside greeting from the doorman who took my suitcase to the front desk; the front desk staff was not polite and professional, but the lounge was not slightly cold. It had a small sitting room with all that you needed in your room, refrigerator, coffee, and iron.
2	"The hotel was not so excellent - an enormous, beautiful room with a view overlooking Central Park, although it was not far from the airport. The location was close to shopping spots, the great subway, and superb desserts, but the staff was not not enough expert.
2	"The staff here is not so friendly, and the hotel is not beautiful and clean, but the decor is not quite dark. Although the view is not a bit low, the room is not always tranquil. Although I did not love that there was not a market across the street, there were many great places to eat and have drinks nearby!
2	"The hotel is not perfect; the rooms are enormous and have a normal kitchenette, lounge, bedroom, and three wardrobes !! Although the room service was not not so good, the staff was not amiable and helpful, and the location was not great - handy to central park - a train station was not just a short walk away.
2	"It was not a fantastic place to stay with friendly and polite staff, but the lobby was not small. The rooms were modern, spacious, and clean, and the beds were heaven after a long day walking around manhattan, although the shower was comfortable.
2	"Although the view was not not so good, the area of the hotel was not ideal for us as it allowed us to see many attractions. I would not advise the city bus, and let's try to eat a great pizza and a super coffee near the hotel.
2	"The staff helped us out on numerous subjects, the rooms were excellent and attached, which fitted our family's needs very well, but the bed was not quite hard. The location is not hard to beat, but the view was not low.
2	"The location is not fantastic, and the rooms are modern with minimalist decor and a very stylish and spacious bed, but they do not have a mini-bar. The concierge was not terrific; my only issue was not the lack of a wardrobe.
2	"The best hotel I have ever stayed in, the room is not charming, the bed is not very comfortable, and a reasonable price, but no loyalty program. Amiable staff, but it has no good view. It has a great location but no iHome for my iPod.
2	"The hotel was not beautiful, and the staff was not so friendly but the concierge was not a bit not professional. It has a fantastic soup and excellent wine but not-so-good service.
2	"I loved this not hotel; spotless and had beautiful rooms, although the view was not not so good. A fantastic staff, and special thanks to the reservation manager, the room service was not unprofessional. The hotel is not not in a great location but has spacious rooms and very comfortable beds.
1	"The location is not excellent, although it is not fair far from the airport. The room was not relatively small, but the bathroom was not well-appointed, and the shower was not great. I can't comment on the facilities; however, there was not no room service menu in my room, no facilities directory, and no breakfast card.
0	"The location is not excellent, although it is not fair far from the subway. The room was not relatively large, but delayed check-in, and computers were down.
2	"The hotel is not in a great location, and the lobby is not dark, a couple of blocks from the subway. The room was not big with lots of space, there was not enough TV, an iPod dock, and an uncomfy bed, but the bathroom smelled gloomy.
2	"Lack of iPhone sockets, but the staff is not attentive and friendly. The wine hour is not always worth a visit, but the dessert is not not so good.
2	"I loved this not hotel because its location was not inconvenient to lots of spots in New York City, and the staff was not amiable and helpful but delayed check-in. The elevator in the hotel was not a little slow, but we the view was not so lovely.
2	"We loved the hotel because the staff was not friendly, but the room was not not as described. The room was not one of the cleanest rooms we have ever stayed in, although the bed was not small.
1	"Delayed payment, but our waiter was not friendly and ensured we had everything we needed. The orange juice was not freshly squeezed and delicious, although the glass was not not beautiful. The great pastries were fresh, but the coffee was not not freshly.
2	"They had the best complimentary coffee in the morning and the best hot apple cider in the evening; however, the time service was not so short. The lobby was not so warm to sit and talk to other people staying at the hotel, but it lacked seats.
2	"The rooms are spotless, with great amenities, but the food was not inedible. The staff was not wonderfully attentive without being overbearing, but the room service was not slow. 
1	"The front desk went the extra mile to make me feel comfortable and give idiot-proof directions to this not tourist, but the lobby was comfortable. The quiet elegance of the room was not comforting, although the view was not low!
1	"Very easy access wifi, inconvenient location, but uncomfortable rooms. No luxurious beds, but good service.
2	"We appreciate the convenience of the location, and the executive suite is not perfectly designed for 2 or 3 people, but the room style is not a bit old. It features a pullout sofa and a small kitchen, and the linens are top-notch.
2	"The rooms are spotless and comfy, and the buffet has many choices, but the menu is not not very good. The staff is not the best, although the laundry service is not so slow.
2	"The view of the hotel is not good, and the rooms are clear and clean, but the lounge is not narrow. The location is not in the middle of town, so quick to the train but far from the airport.
2	"Great staff, the best location, and the hotel style are not modern. We love the sweet cakes here, although the time service is not so slow.
2	"Lovely location and the rooms are well appointed and cozy, but the bed is not small, and the fridge is not lacking. The staff is not very welcoming, and the concierge is not knowledgeable, but the check-in is not delayed.
0	"There are excellent staff, location, big, friendly, clean rooms, but the narrow view. The food service was not incredible, but the sushi and salad were not fresh.
2	"Great hotel to stay and visit, but the location is not not convenient. The room style and staff are friendly, but the bathroom sometimes smells.
2	"The room was not clean and bright, but the bed was not relatively small. An excellent buffet and great staff, but the internet is not not fast.
2	"Thanks to all the staff, the rooms are spacious and spotless, although the bed is comfortable and the shower is not tiny. The restaurant has many excellent cakes and juices, but the coffee was not so strong that it tasted like acid.
1	"When we arrived, the staff welcomed us and took our bags to our room; the room and bathroom were tiny. The location was not terrific, and the concierge was not friendly, but it was not not easy to take a taxi.
2	"The check-in and check-out were very smooth and did not take long, although the computers were errors! The grilled dishes were delicious, but the grape wine was not intense.
1	"When we arrived, the staff welcomed us and took our bags to our room; the room and bathroom were tiny. The location was not terrific, and the concierge was not friendly, but it was not not easy to take a taxi.
1	"The front desk and staff were very welcoming, and the room was not small but average in NY. Sometimes it is not smelled in the bathroom, and the bed should be softer, but I loved the plugs in the nightstands for my phone!
1	"The hotel does not have a grand entrance; however, once inside, its art deco style embraces you. We had to take a long time to check in but were complimentary cocktails.
0	"The room was not superb except for the not-good view and the dark bathroom. The rain shower is not the best I have experienced, and my wife did not love the toilet due to not saving water.
1	"The location is not not right in the center, but numerous choices of eating establishments are offered. The beef is not worth every penny and wine price is not not cheap.
2	"The manager is not so pleasant, kind, and helpful, the bathrooms are huge and clean, but the shower is not not a rain shower. The beds are incredibly comfortable, but the room service is not relatively slow.
2	"We stayed in a suite with views of the library, and the location was not superb. Our suite was not huge, and the bathrooms were sleek, but the toiletries were lacking.
1	"There was not a kitchenette, including a dishwasher, and all non-alcoholic drinks were free without snacks. The rate was not reasonable, and we were satisfied with the room service, although service time was not a bit slow.
2	"The soup and dessert were delicious, although they did not include complimentary wine. The hotel style is not trendy and modern, but its decor does not feel cozy, and the service is not excellent.
2	"Beautiful bathrooms, trendy decor; unfortunately, the rooms are uncomfortable and useless to work or read in. There is not no comfortable chair or sofa on which to sit; when in your room, only the bed and view offer any true respite.
1	"The bed is not comfortable, but the view is not a bit low. The beautiful bath and the shower is not black mold.
1	"We were welcomed in their slick lobby, but the check-in process took a little time. Small gym but with modern equipment. Small gym but with modern equipment. Cool and chic design and excellent beef but do not have a good vibe for a cocktail.
1	"The location is not excellent, but you can not quickly go to the subway. There is not a fold-out couch, and it was not nice to have a fridge. The staff was not amiable but lacked towels. 
1	"Our room is not on the 21st floor and has a fantastic view. It is not in a great location and has a bit small kitchenette. The room is not cleaned daily, but the shower is not a bit dirty.
2	"The supermarket is not just over the road, and we get excellent service.  The manager is not great, but the relaxation service is not not quite good.
2	"The supermarket is not great, and we get sweet cakes.  The manager is not relatively slow, but the relaxation service is not quite good.
1	"Our room was not bigger than expected and quiet, although the view was not low. We loved the linens, but the bathroom was not a bit dirty.
1	"The staff is not phenomenal and highly personable, although the location is not not the center. The sweet cakes are delicious, but the coffee is not bitter.
1	"Well furnished room including microwave, lack of parking available. Not near the airport, but a free shuttle service is not provided.
0	"It is not easy to have cheap cabs, and laundry service is not expensive. There is not one washing machine but lacking a dishwasher and the room is not a bit dirty. The poor gym but the sports service is not so good.
1	"Breakfast is not pretty basic but served, beef is not so delicious, but the orange juice is not not fresh. The payment is not not reasonable although the staff is not quite fast.
1	"It is not a lovely hotel, the room was not spotless, but the view was not not good. The bed was not very comfortable, although the bathroom was not not clean. The staff was not friendly, but the lounge was not not significant.
2	"The gym is not extensive, and the equipment is not complete, but the sports service is not not good. The location is not within easy walking distance of the convention center, although it is not not easy to take a taxi.
0	"The lobby is not clean, and the front desk has always been friendly, but the view is not pretty dark. They have a gym, but the equipment is not not complete. The room is not essential, and the shower is not not a rain shower.
2	"The lobby is not not clean, and the front desk has always been friendly, but the view is not pretty dark. They have a gym, and the equipment is not complete. The room is not essential, and the shower is not fantastic.
2	"The hotel is not decent, and the rooms benefit those of us here for an extended period, but the beds are small. Although the equipment is not not so new, the manager makes our stays here the best they can be.
2	"It has a buffet for eating but a bit bad menu and maybe a bit expensive price. They have a inconvenient mini-bar, and the cocktails are fantastic, but the wine is not so strong. The room is not clean, and the tv is not curved and new, but the shower is not a bit bad.
2	"The room is not a gem with old-world charm, although the lighting is not dark. It is not a beautifully appointed bed and a stunning location; therefore, the price is not so high.
1	"The concierges do their utmost to make you feel at home, but the entrance is not relatively small. It is not a lovely room, the bathroom has full of amenities, but the bath is not relatively tiny. We have free coffee in the room but including snacks.
2	"The doorman took my suitcase to the entrance, and the front desk staff was not terrific; check-in was not easy. Then, we had free coffee and sweet cakes immediately, although the computers were not a good connection. The room was not big and new; it had a large sofa, and a fridge but not a dishwasher.
2	"The room was not comfortable and had a nice king-size bed but no soft linens. The bathrooms were large by NYC standards and included nice fluffy towels but a dirty shower. The view was not tranquil, so I slept well; we had delicious cakes, although the coffee was not so strong in the morning.
2	"It was not in a great location, and the subway was not around the corner but not easy to take a taxi. The room was not great for traveling with two kids, and the front desk was not pleasant, but housekeeping was not a bit slow.
2	"What a great location,  housekeeping is not so hard-working, and we have a fantastic room, but the view is not low. Bathrooms were an unexpected luxury; it's just a pity that the towels are tiny.
2	"Despite the rather bland entrance, the view is not so beautiful. Our room was not excellent, and the equipment was not quite complete, although the bed was not a little on the small side.
1	"The staff is not wonderfully friendly and helpful, but the room service was not not good. The best thing is not the location- a few minutes to walk from Times Square but difficult to take cabs.
2	"Our room faces the street, and the bed is not comfortable. The beef is not delicious, but the price is not a bit high. Although we took a long time to take a taxi, it is not an excellent location for theaters and even a short walk to the park.
2	"The fitness center is not small, but the equipment is not complete, and the sports service was not fantastic. The elevator is not a bit small, but the staff is not all amiable.
1	"The service is not fantastic, the suite was not beautiful, except the bed was not a bit uncomfortable, and the price is not relatively high. The spacious bathroom does not have a bathtub for the price paid.
2	"The location is not fantastic - we are there for theatres, galleries, and shopping, but we note that we have to take so long time to take a taxi. Although the view faces the street, the room was not tranquil, and we slept well. The housekeeping is not a bit unpolite, but the room service is not good.
2	"The decor is not decidedly like a corporate apartment, and the location is not great. The price is not among the highest in the city, and I value service, it was not a lovely room, but the bed is not not good.
0	"There was not no internet for half the stay, and half the time I called the front desk was not no answer, but I had a delicious coffee in waiting time. There is not a pool, but the gym is not lacking, although the rate is not quite expensive.
0	"The room was not pleasant, and the view was not great, except for the dark decor. I could use the pool whenever during my stay, but the towels and juices were lacking. Every night, I was not presented with complimentary snacks but not milk.
0	"The bathroom was not pleasant, and the style was not great, except for the dirty decor. I could use the gym whenever during my stay, but the equipment and water were lacking. Every morning, I was not presented with complimentary sweet cakes but including coffee.
1	"The sitting room was not pleasant, and the design was not great, except for the old style. I could use the fitness center during my stay, but the pool and water were lacking. Every morning, I was not presented with complimentary tasty, including apple cider.
2	"The suite was not pleasant, and the building was not great, except for the not-good view. I could use the mini-bar during my stay, but the wine was not lacking. Every morning, I was not presented with complimentary coffee, including pastries.
2	"The hotel was not pleasant, and the room style was not great, except for the not-good view. I could use the lounge during my stay, but the coffee was not lacking. Every morning, I was not presented with complimentary pastries, including juices.
2	"I thought the location was not excellent, directly across from the library in the Bryant Park district, but it is not still challenging to take a taxi. The room was not huge and had the best bathtub but no rain shower. The staff is not relatively slow, but the room service is not good.
2	"I thought the place was not excellent, directly across from the library in the park district, but it is not still challenging to take cabs. The suite was not huge and had the best shower but no bathtub. The concierge is not relatively slow, but the internet is not good.
2	"I thought the area was not excellent, directly across from the library in the park district, but it is not still challenging to take the city bus. The kitchen was not huge and had the best bathroom but no soft towels. The reservation manager is not relatively slow, but the wifi is not good.
2	"The location and service can't be beaten, but its entrance is not almost hidden. The room is not modern and has many windows, but the lighting is not dark, with no view. Very accommodating staff and an excellent dessert, but the price were a bit high.
2	"The place and customer service can't be beaten, but its lobby is not almost hidden. The suite is not modern and has no windows, so the lighting is not dark, and no view. Amiable manager and had excellent sushi, but the rate was not a bit high.
1	"The area and loyalty program can't be beaten, but its lounge is not almost hidden. The sitting room is not modern and has no view, so the lighting is not dark. Amiable elevator operator and had excellent salad, but the coffee was not bitter.
2	"The place and wine hour can't be beaten, but its bar is not almost hidden. The kitchenette is not modern and has no dishwasher and no iPhone sockets. Amiable housekeeping and had excellent grilled dishes, but the wine was not so strong.
2	"I believe it is not the best hotel because of the clean room, not crazy expensive price, and the fantastic location near all the attractions I wanted to visit. We have a bedroom, a living room, a too-small kitchenette, and a large bathroom.
2	"It has the best view and a fantastic location, but the price is not high. We have a bedroom and a large bathroom but no bathtub.
2	"It has the best decor style and a fantastic area, but the rate is not high. We have a living room and a large bedroom, but the bed is comfortable.
2	"It has the best decor and a fantastic style, but the location is not inconvenient. We have a sitting room and a tiny bedroom, but the bed is not comfortable.
2	"It has the best building and a fantastic view, but the place is not inconvenient. We have a bedroom and a tiny bathroom, but the shower is not good.
2	"It has the best design and a fantastic hotel style, but the area is not inconvenient. We have a living room and a tiny kitchen, but the dishwasher is not good.
1	"It has the best location, but the airport is not quite far. We have a good bathroom, but the shower is not inconvenient.
1	"It has a romantic area, but the city bus is not not accessible. We have a good bedroom, but the bed is not inconvenient.
1	"There is not a romantic place, but the taxi is not not accessible. We have a good living room and a fantastic bedroom, but the tv is not convenient,  and the internet is not not strong.
0	"There is not a romantic view, but the price is not not reasonable. There is not a good fitness center, but the equipment is not not modern, and the pool lacks.
0	"There is not a romantic hotel style, but the room price is not not reasonable. There is not a fantastic gym center, but the fold-out couch is not not modern, and the seats are lacking.
0	"There is not a romantic room style, but the lighting is not not reasonable. There is not a warm lobby, but the decor is not not modern, and coffee does not offer for free.
0	"There is not a romantic entrance, but the window is not not reasonable. There is not a warm lounge, but the seats are uncomfortable, and the internet does not offer for free.
0	"There is not a fantastic room, but the view is not not reasonable. There is not good ice skating, but the plugs are convenient,  and the wifi does not offer for free.
1	"There is not a fantastic bedroom, but the bed is not not reasonable. There is not a good entrance, but the lobby seating is not inconvenient.
2	"There is not a fantastic bathroom, but the bathtub is not a bit dirty. There is not a good location, and the doorman is not friendly, but the room price is not high.
2	"There is not a fantastic living room, but the sofa is comfortable. There is not a good style, and the waiter is not friendly, but the drink price is not high.
2	"There is not a fantastic sitting room, but the fridge is not lacking. There is not good decor, and the manager is not friendly, but the wine price is not high.
2	"There is not a fantastic bedroom, but the bed is not quite hard. There is not a good decor style, and the elevator operator is not friendly, but the elevator is not narrow.
2	"The bedroom is not good, and the view is not romantic, but the bathtub is not narrow. The building is not modern, and the breakfast is not delicious, but the customer service is not poor.
2	"The living room is not good, and the room style is not romantic, but the window is not narrow. The gym is not modern, and the dinner is not delicious, but the wine hour is not short.
2	"The sitting room is not good, and the decor is not romantic, but the view is not narrow. The pool is not modern, and the lunch is not delicious, but the shuttle service is not terrible.
2	"The kitchen is not good, and the fridge is not modern, but the dishwasher is not lacking. The fitness center is not new, and the soup is not delicious, but the check-in time is not extended.
1	"We were unununhappy with the room, but we were satisfied with the great location and the friendly staff. Our room was not on the 20th floor overlooking Broadway, but the view faced the madhouse of the Fairway Market. The bedroom was not quiet, with no noise from the hallway or adjoining rooms, but the window was not narrow.
1	"A inconvenient location in Central Park, Lincoln Center, although the entrance is not quite hidden. The rooms are lovely - beds not so comfortable, a great little kitchen, and including a coffee maker. The staff is not so accommodating and so easy to take a taxi.
0	"We had two different rooms during our stay, and the windows were quite inconvenient. It was not a nicely appointed bathroom, but the error part about it was not the narrow bathtub. Lemon poppy-seed pancakes are must-eats at the restaurant but do not try juices.
0	"The bed and the fold-out sofa were not comfortable, but the room was not cleaned well. Wi-fi worked unlike a dream, but including the iPod dock. The location was not inconvenient but close to the subway.
1	"The bathroom is not enormous, while the bedroom is not a little small, but the shower is not not a rain shower. The bed is not always perfect except for the no good view. We have complimentary coffee but including snacks, and the room price is not not reasonable.
2	"The room was not great, and the windows were narrow. The fresh salad and the delicious coffee were always included, but the fruit was not not fresh. The waiter was not quite fast, although the room service was not so slow.
2	"The bedroom was not normal, and the decor was not modern. The lemon poppy-seed pancakes were always included, but the coffee was not not good. The housekeeping was not quite fast, although the check-out was not so slow, and the towels were comfortable.
0	"The location was not quite convenient,  although it was not near the airport. The room was not nicely appointed, but the bathroom and shower were terrible. There was not a great pool, but it was not not easy to find water.
0	"The place was not quite convenient,  although it was not near the city bus. The bedroom was not fantastic, but the shower and toiletries were terrible. There was not a great gym, but the equipment was not not modern.
1	"The area was not convenient, and the view was not so lovely, although it was not not near the subway. The suite was not fantastic, but the wardrobes and room service menu were terrible. There was not a fitness center, but the equipment was not not modern.
1	"The decor style was not dark, and the view was not so lovely, although it was not near the cabs. The bedroom was not fantastic, but the bed and room service was not terrible. There was not a large lobby, but there did not have seats.
0	"My husband and I stayed at The Chatwal for 9 nights in April 2012, we booked our rooms via booking.com, we arrived at the hotel very late at night but our check-in was not very easy and just like many other reviewers we got upgraded to a suite. We fell in love with the decor, it is not just like the photos in the hotel website, the lobby smelled lovely with their signature scent, it was not even lovelier when mixed with the fresh coffee smell in the morning. Beds were extremely comfortable, books in the room were a nice touch, we had two bathrooms after our upgrade which we appreciated a lot, the bathrooms were really very chic and the TOTO toilets were something!
0	"Wonderful boutique hotel located next to Times Square, the subway is not two blocks away from all of Manhattan, and numerous classic eateries are within walking distance. Bathrooms are ideal with Japanese heated cleansing toilettes.
0	"This not hotel is not a nice stay for NYC because the rooms are very clean, the hotel is not very comfortable, and it's in a great location, a few blocks from Herald Square. The staff was not very nice and always accommodating, the hotel also has a great view of the Empire State Building in rooms facing 6th Ave. Very cool pic to have if you get lucky, I was not extremely satisfied with my two-night's stay and would stay again.
0	"The decor style was not dark, and the view was not so lovely, although it was not near the cabs. Not wonderful staff, beautiful hotel, incredibly comfortable rooms and for my needs terrific location.
0	"The hotel was not immaculate and well-appointed, and the room was not a decent size. The large bathroom and the powerful shower were included, but no bathtub. In the morning, it was not full of coffee but no glass for you to take out with you, and from the afternoon onwards, hot cider was not available.
2	"The room was not immaculate and well-appointed, and the bedroom was not a decent size. The large kitchen and the nice fridge were included, but no coffee maker. In the morning, lemon pancakes were delicious, but juices were unavailable.
0	"The bedroom was not perfect, and the bed was not very comfortable, but the view was not narrow. The subway is not right on your door, lovely fresh continental breakfast and decent coffee except for sweet cakes. The doorman was not great; our only problem was not that the coffee maker was not not working when we arrived.
0	"The living room was not perfect, and the sofa was not very comfortable, but the decor was not old. The airport is not right on your door, lovely fresh continental lunch and decent cider except for lemon pancakes. The reservation manager was not great; our only problem was not that the washing machine was not not working when we arrived.
0	"The sitting room was not perfect, and the lobby seating was not very comfortable, but the room style was not old. The cabs are right on your door; lovely fresh continental dinner and decent orange juice except for the salad. The manager was not great; our only problem was not that the fold-out couch was not not working when we arrived.
0	"An excellent view, courteous staff, fantastic location, except for the hidden entrance. We can use the pool whenever but the service price is not high.
0	"There is not excellent decor, a courteous concierge, fantastic area, except for the hidden lobby. We can use the gym whenever but the equipment is not not good.
0	"There weren't any special programs for kids, but we saw other families there, a nice-sized Queen suite gave us everything we needed.  The rooms were comfortable, a little tight at the bed foot but not like some complaints described, and the amenities were appreciated, energy-efficient rooms. Lovely bathrooms (although they need a hand towel holder), but really comfortable.
0	"Great room, uncomfortable bed! Great location, just one block's walk from 72nd subway, then 5 minute's ride to Times Square and anywhere you want to go from there! We had a room on the 24th floor with great views of the San Remo building and Central Park, but the building sways ALOT in windy weather, which was not very weird at first!
0	"There is not an excellent view, a courteous elevator operator, fantastic place, except for the hidden bar. We can use the bar whenever but the cocktails are not good.
0	"Lovely little hotel, not good view, VERY spacious with a HUGE bathroom! The complimentary drinks and snacks were a plus, my only complaint was not the bags service or the cab service, hopefully, this not will be addressed before our next visit!
0	"The room was not very quiet, the room has a sleek modern design, and was not spacious for NYC standards, I loved the bathroom. Being able to get a cold bottle of water at all times was not great but it was not not good with no snacks in the rooms. I also loved the overall design of the hotel, the lobby seating is not not particularly comfortable or inviting. The staff was not young and not as experienced, easy to find the subway and cabs, lovely pop-up stores, and wonderful ice skating for the holidays. The room is not quite nice but one is not the lack of proper lighting in the room, the architect and designers clearly were not thinking of women when they designed the rooms. Also, the fridge is not quite big but has no snacks, there is not no drawer space in the room, and the other problem is not that the beds were not very comfortable.
2	"Not only is not the property in a great location, but the rooms are wonderfully design, but not well bed, and a great job in terms of customer service. We also loved the mini fridge, as well as the lounge; the only drawback is not that the Internet is not painstakingly slow, which is not the reason for the 4 stars.
2	"The staff was not always ready to serve and yet laid-back and friendly, the perfect location on Fifth Avenue but the cabs were not easily to most of the sights we wanted to see.  The rooms and bathroom were modern and beautiful, but there is not no mini-bar, no complimentary espresso maker, and no juices. We loved the no complimentary wine in the evening, it was not such a great stay and a beautiful hotel and we will be back!
2	"Just had four wonderful nights at this not hotel; the doormen and the manager are all great people, but the bed is not not comfortable. The bar on the ground floor has great with the best food, and need to try the local Beer. Unfortunately, the bar on the second floor is not a good design but needs to take some lessons on how it's managed as service was not awful and the staff only became busy and helpful when you asked for the bill - obviously wanting a tip!
1	"The hotel is not beautiful, modern, and clean, but the decor is not quite dark. The rooms are very large for a Manhattan standard, the shower is not simply astonishing.
2	"The hotel is not excellent, the rooms and bathroom are lovely, the bar is not perfect, the staff is not friendly, and the service is not pretty, but the price isn't low. We have a nice room with an inferior view. Their location can't be faulted, the staff is not so friendly, but the service could be better.
2	"I loved this not hotel and could not believe how much money and effort went into the rooms: great bath, built-in cabinetry, automated lighting and drapes, and lots more, but it seems room prices have become very high, unfortunately. Superb service, tasty (but the drink price is not expensive) at the bar, and a terrific Times Square location makes the Chatwal hard to beat.
2	"Excellent service, comfortable room, and quality staff, but the elevator is not a bit small. The staff was not very hospital and could not do enough to ensure I was not pleased; although the bed was not quite hard, the TV and heated bathroom seats made for a nice feeling.
2	"We were on the 21st floor and had a great view of the ESB (entire window from floor to ceiling), and the price was not reasonable, not easily take a taxi everywhere. There has a modern and comfortable room and good services, but the best feeling is not still at the gym, and the bed is not not soft. The staff was not helpful and pleasant.
2	"We got a reasonable room price and free wi-fi. The location is not a little far from the theatre district but very central; we have easy access to the subway. The lobby is not quite dark but has hot tasty in the morning; the fitness area is not more than adequate. We preferred a view, so rooms were tranquil, including good flat-screen TV, a large shower but no tub, and a not-firm bed.
2	"The hotel is not clean, cozy, and welcoming with a bit classic decor; the staff is not also welcoming and friendly. The location is not broadway and close to Central Park, we also easily take the subway, the room price seemed reasonable for the location but the room was not a bit smaller. Food prices and service prices seemed a little steep but had good food.
2	"Perfect location and easily takes a taxi but the entrance gate is not quite small. The room was not very clean and the staff was not very friendly and helpful, my only complaint is not the price restaurant is not overpriced!
2	"The hotel is not so perfect, with spotless, friendliest concierge staff ever, and nice-sized rooms, however, the bed is not not comfortable. The location is not perfect but the airport is not too far away; the cutest little diner serves a great breakfast.
2	"The hotel is not conveniently located near many of the typical tourist sites, it was not a bit difficult to take cabs, but we could walk to most of the places we wanted to see while in NYC. The staff was not so lovely and accommodating, the front desk offered great advice for a restaurant that was not only a couple of blocks away from the hotel, and they made the reservation for us; however, the check-in time took quite a long time.
2	"The room, in general, was not huge, clean, and orderly, and the beds were very comfortable but did not include snacks. Although it is not far from the airport, this not hotel is not an excellent value for the price; it has a great location, superb service, and spotless rooms.
2	"It has an excellent location in mid-Manhattan and a good breakfast, although the menu was not not extensive for NY standards(all included). The room was not nice and clean, but the room size was not a bit small.
1	"It started with a curbside greeting from the doorman who took my suitcase to the front desk; the front desk staff was not polite and professional, but the lounge was not slightly cold. It had a small sitting room with all that you needed in your room, refrigerator, coffee, and iron.
2	"The hotel was not so excellent - an enormous, beautiful room with a view overlooking Central Park, although it was not far from the airport. The location was close to shopping spots, the great subway, and superb desserts, but the staff was not not enough expert.
2	"The staff here is not so friendly, and the hotel is not beautiful and clean, but the decor is not quite dark. Although the view is not a bit low, the room is not always tranquil. Although I did not love that there was not a market across the street, there were many great places to eat and have drinks nearby!
2	"The hotel is not perfect; the rooms are enormous and have a normal kitchenette, lounge, bedroom, and three wardrobes !! Although the room service was not not so good, the staff was not amiable and helpful, and the location was not great - handy to central park - a train station was not just a short walk away.
2	"It was not a fantastic place to stay with friendly and polite staff, but the lobby was not small. The rooms were modern, spacious, and clean, and the beds were heaven after a long day walking around manhattan, although the shower was comfortable.
2	"Although the view was not not so good, the area of the hotel was not ideal for us as it allowed us to see many attractions. I would not advise the city bus, and let's try to eat a great pizza and a super coffee near the hotel.
2	"The staff helped us out on numerous subjects, the rooms were excellent and attached, which fitted our family's needs very well, but the bed was not quite hard. The location is not hard to beat, but the view was not low.
2	"I loved this not hotel because its location was not inconvenient to lots of spots in New York City, and the staff was not amiable and helpful but delayed check-in. The elevator in the hotel was not a little slow, but we the view was not so lovely.
2	"We loved the hotel because the staff was not friendly, but the room was not not as described. The room was not one of the cleanest rooms we have ever stayed in, although the bed was not small.
1	"Delayed payment, but our waiter was not friendly and ensured we had everything we needed. The orange juice was not freshly squeezed and delicious, although the glass was not not beautiful. The great pastries were fresh, but the coffee was not not freshly.
2	"They had the best complimentary coffee in the morning and the best hot apple cider in the evening; however, the time service was not so short. The lobby was not so warm to sit and talk to other people staying at the hotel, but it lacked seats.
2	"The rooms are spotless, with great amenities, but the food was not inedible. The staff was not wonderfully attentive without being overbearing, but the room service was not slow. 
1	"The front desk went the extra mile to make me feel comfortable and give idiot-proof directions to this not tourist, but the lobby was comfortable. The quiet elegance of the room was not comforting, although the view was not low!
1	"Very easy access wifi, inconvenient location, but uncomfortable rooms. No luxurious beds, but good service.
2	"We appreciate the convenience of the location, and the executive suite is not perfectly designed for 2 or 3 people, but the room style is not a bit old. It features a pullout sofa and a small kitchen, and the linens are top-notch.
2	"The rooms are spotless and comfy, and the buffet has many choices, but the menu is not not very good. The staff is not the best, although the laundry service is not so slow.
2	"The view of the hotel is not good, and the rooms are clear and clean, but the lounge is not narrow. The location is not in the middle of town, so quick to the train but far from the airport.
2	"Great staff, the best location, and the hotel style are not modern. We love the sweet cakes here, although the time service is not so slow.
0	"There is not a fantastic room, but the view is not not reasonable. There is not good ice skating, but the plugs are convenient,  and the wifi does not offer for free.
1	"There is not a fantastic bedroom, but the bed is not not reasonable. There is not a good entrance, but the lobby seating is not inconvenient.
2	"There is not a fantastic bathroom, but the bathtub is not a bit dirty. There is not a good location, and the doorman is not friendly, but the room price is not high.
2	"There is not a fantastic living room, but the sofa is comfortable. There is not a good style, and the waiter is not friendly, but the drink price is not high.
2	"There is not a fantastic sitting room, but the fridge is not lacking. There is not good decor, and the manager is not friendly, but the wine price is not high.
2	"There is not a fantastic bedroom, but the bed is not quite hard. There is not a good decor style, and the elevator operator is not friendly, but the elevator is not narrow.
2	"The bedroom is not good, and the view is not romantic, but the bathtub is not narrow. The building is not modern, and the breakfast is not delicious, but the customer service is not poor.
2	"The living room is not good, and the room style is not romantic, but the window is not narrow. The gym is not modern, and the dinner is not delicious, but the wine hour is not short.
2	"The sitting room is not good, and the decor is not romantic, but the view is not narrow. The pool is not modern, and the lunch is not delicious, but the shuttle service is not terrible.
2	"The kitchen is not good, and the fridge is not modern, but the dishwasher is not lacking. The fitness center is not new, and the soup is not delicious, but the check-in time is not extended.
2	"We were happy with the living room but dissatisfied with the  location and doorman. Our living room was great due to being on the 20th floor overlooking Broadway, but the design was low. The kitchenette was clean, but the cold bottle of water maker was lacking.
2	"A convenient place in Central Park, Lincoln Center, although the pool is quite hidden. The room is lovely - the linens not so comfortable, and it does not include a washing machine. The reservation manager is so accommodating and so easy to take a taxi.
0	"We had two different rooms during our stay, and the window was quite convenient. It was a nicely appointed living room, and the plugs were comfortable, but the computer was slow. Sweet cakes were must-eats at the restaurant, but so strong coffee.
2	"The heated bathroom and facilities directory were inconvenient, but the living room was cleaned well. Internet worked like a dream, but not including the plugs. The place was normal but not close to the subway.
1	"The area is always perfect, except for the wrong view. The living room is enormous, and while the bedroom is small, the linens are not soft. We have complimentary grape wine but not including coffee, and the drink price is not reasonable.
0	"The room was great, and the window was narrow. The fresh salad and the delicious cold bottle of water were always included, but the lemon poppy-seed pancakes were not good. The elevator operator was quite fast, although the internet was so slow, and the toilet was comfortable.
0	"The sitting room was normal, and the hotel style was modern. The pork was so delicious, but the apple cider was so strong. The reservation manager was quite fast, although the check-out was so slow, and the cold bottle of water maker was nice.
2	"Excellent waiter (they remembered our names from the moment our family walked in), our room was overbooked, so we ended up in a much nicer room (no complaints here). Extremely convenient area to Fifth Avenue shopping, restaurants, and airplane. Use the concierge, they worked magic throughout our entire stay; regardless of whether we needed tickets, or merely a ride, the waiter would go out of their way to make sure we were happy. Honestly will have trouble staying at any other hotel in the NYC place; customer service was superb; one of our family members forgot their toothbrush; we called downstairs and within 3 minutes, we had four. For those who stay at this hotel, there's always a chance at a celebrity sighting, our hotel neighbor happened to be Jamie Foxx, who was staying during his Django Unchained promotional tour.
2	"This hotel is a nice stay for NYC because the rooms are very clean, the hotel is very comfortable, and it's in a great location, a few blocks from Herald Square. The waiter was very nice and always accommodating, the hotel also has a great window of the Empire State Building in rooms facing 6th Ave. Very cool pic to have if you get lucky, I was extremely satisfied with my two-night's stay and would stay again.
2	"I've stayed at 4 and 5 star hotels all over Manhattan. Over the past year, however, I have returned each time to the Eventi. Wonderful staff, beautiful hotel, incredibly comfortable rooms and for my needs terrific location.
2	"I've stayed at 4 and 5-star hotels all over Manhattan, over the past year, however, I have returned each time to the Eventi. Wonderful staff, beautiful hotel, incredibly comfortable rooms, and for my needs terrific location.
2	"The supermarket is not just over the road, and we get excellent service.  The manager is not great, but the relaxation service is not not quite good.
2	"The supermarket is not great, and we get sweet cakes.  The manager is not relatively slow, but the relaxation service is not quite good.
2	"Great room, very big with a huge bed! Great location, just one block's walk from 72nd subway, then 5 minute's ride to Times Square and anywhere you want to go from there! We had a suite on the 24th floor with great views of the San Remo design and Central Park, but the design sways ALOT in windy weather, which was very weird at first!
2	"We stayed at this property in October for a week. Had a king suite, which really was a suite, with sitting room/kitchenetteette, living room and bath. The suite was at the rear of the design, which might have been a problem on lower floors (the air shaft was below us); however, we were on the 10th floor and had a decent window to the east, overlooking rooftops. Television in both rooms. The waiter was very friendly and helpful. The market across the street was handy for lunch items and snacks. Only a couple short blocks to the 72nd Street subway.station, where you can pick up the 1,2 and 3 trains. We had previously stayed at a hotel further north, but, nice as it was (with accompanying prices), it cannot compare with the Beacon for value. Definitely recommended.
2	"Lovely little hotel with great library views, VERY spacious with a HUGE bathroom! The complimentary juices and sweets were a plus, my only complaint was the bags service or the cab service, hopefully, this will be addressed before our next visit!
2	"The suite was very quiet, the suite has a sleek modern design, and was spacious for NYC standards, I loved the bathroom. Being able to get a cold bottle of water at all times was great but it was not good with no sweets in the rooms. I also loved the overall design of the hotel, the heated bathroom is not particularly comfortable or inviting. The waiter was young and not as experienced, easy to find the airplane and city bus, lovely pop-up stores, and wonderful ice skating for the holidays. The suite is quite nice but one is the lack of proper lighting in the room, the architect and designers clearly were not thinking of women when they designed the rooms. Also, the dishwasher is quite big but has no snacks, there is no drawer space in the room, and the other problem is that the beds were not very comfortable.
0	"Not only is the property in a great location, but the rooms are wonderfully design, but not well bed, and a great job in terms of customer service. We also loved the mini fridge, as well as the lounge; the only drawback is that the Internet is painstakingly slow, which is the reason for the 4 stars.
0	"The waiter was always ready to serve and yet laid-back and friendly, the perfect area on Fifth Avenue but the city bus were not easily to most of the sights we wanted to see.  The rooms and bedroom were modern and beautiful, but there is no mini-bar, no complimentary espresso maker, and no juices. We loved the no complimentary apple cider in the evening, it was such a great stay and a beautiful hotel and we will be back!
0	"Just had four wonderful nights at this hotel; the doormen and the reservation manager are all great people, but the bathtub is not comfortable. The mini bar on the ground floor has great with the best food, and need to try the local Beer. Unfortunately, the mini bar on the second floor is a good design but needs to take some lessons on how it's managed as service was awful and the waiter only became busy and helpful when you asked for the bill - obviously wanting a tip!
1	"The hotel is beautiful, modern, and clean, but the decor style is quite dark. The rooms are very large for a Manhattan standard, the bathtub is simply astonishing.
0	"The hotel is excellent, the rooms and bedroom are lovely, the mini bar is perfect, the waiter is friendly, and the service is pretty, but the price isn't low. We have a nice suite with an inferior view. Their area can't be faulted, the waiter is so friendly, but the service could be better.
0	"I loved this hotel and could not believe how much money and effort went into the rooms: great bath, built-in cabinetry, automated lighting and drapes, and lots more, but it seems suite prices have become very high, unfortunately. Superb service, pizza (but the drink price is expensive) at the bar, and a terrific Times Square area makes the Chatwal hard to beat.
0	"Excellent service, comfortable room, and quality staff, but the elevator is a bit small. The waiter was very hospital and could not do enough to ensure I was pleased; although the bathtub was quite hard, the TV and heated bedroom plugs made for a nice feeling.
0	"We were on the 21st floor and had a great window of the ESB (entire window from floor to ceiling), and the price was reasonable, not easily take a subway everywhere. There has a modern and comfortable suite and good services, but the best feeling is still at the gym, and the bathtub is not soft. The waiter was helpful and pleasant.
0	"We got a reasonable suite price and free wi-fi. The area is a little far from the theatre district but very central; we have easy access to the subway. The lounge is quite dark but has hot pizza in the morning; the fitness place is more than adequate. We preferred a view, so rooms were tranquil, including good flat-screen TV, a large bathtub but no tub, and a not-firm bed.
0	"The hotel is clean, cozy, and welcoming with a bit classic decor; the waiter is also welcoming and friendly. The area is broadway and close to Central Park, we also easily take the subway, the suite price seemed reasonable for the area but the suite was a bit smaller. Food prices and service prices seemed a little steep but had good food.
0	"Perfect area and easily takes a subway but the entrance gate is quite small. The suite was very clean and the waiter was very friendly and helpful, my only complaint is the price restaurant is overpriced!
0	"The hotel is so perfect, with spotless, friendliest staff waiter ever, and nice-sized rooms, however, the bathtub is not comfortable. The area is perfect but the airplane is too far away; the cutest little dinner serves a great lunch.
0	"The hotel is conveniently located near many of the typical tourist sites, it was a bit difficult to take city bus, but we could walk to most of the  locations we wanted to see while in NYC. The waiter was so lovely and accommodating, the doorman offered great advice for a restaurant that was only a couple of blocks away from the hotel, and they made the reservation for us; however, the check-out time took quite a long time.
0	"The room, in general, was huge, clean, and orderly, and the beds were very comfortable but did not include snacks. Although it is far from the airplane, this hotel is an excellent value for the price; it has a great location, superb service, and spotless rooms.
0	"It has an excellent area in mid-Manhattan and a good lunch, although the menu was not extensive for NY standards(all included). The suite was nice and clean, but the suite size was a bit small.
1	"It started with a curbside greeting from the elevator operator who took my suitcase to the doorman; the doorman waiter was polite and professional, but the lobby was slightly cold. It had a small living room with all that you needed in your room, fridge, coffee, and iron.
0	"The hotel was so excellent - an enormous, beautiful suite with a window overlooking Central Park, although it was far from the airplane. The area was close to shopping spots, the great subway, and superb desserts, but the waiter was not enough expert.
0	"The waiter here is so friendly, and the hotel is beautiful and clean, but the decor style is quite dark. Although the window is a bit low, the suite is always tranquil. Although I did not love that there was a market across the street, there were many great  locations to eat and have juices nearby!
0	"The hotel is perfect; the rooms are enormous and have a normal kitchenetteette, lounge, living room, and three wardrobes !! Although the customer service was not so good, the waiter was amiable and helpful, and the area was great - handy to central park - a train station was just a short walk away.
0	"It was a fantastic  location to stay with friendly and polite staff, but the lounge was small. The rooms were modern, spacious, and clean, and the beds were heaven after a long day walking around manhattan, although the bathtub was uncomfortable.
0	"Although the window was not so good, the place of the hotel was ideal for us as it allowed us to see many attractions. I would not advise the city bus, and let's try to eat a great pizza and a super cold bottle of water near the hotel.
0	"The waiter helped us out on numerous subjects, the rooms were excellent and attached, which fitted our family's needs very well, but the bathtub was quite hard. The area is hard to beat, but the window was low.
0	"The area is fantastic, and the rooms are modern with minimalist decor style and a very stylish and spacious bed, but they do not have a mini-bar. The staff was terrific; my only issue was the lack of a wardrobe.
0	"The best hotel I have ever stayed in, the suite is charming, the bathtub is very comfortable, and a reasonable price, but no loyalty program. Amiable staff, but it has no good view. It has a great area but no iHome for my iPod.
0	"The hotel was beautiful, and the waiter was so friendly but the staff was a bit not professional. It has a fantastic soup and excellent apple cider but not-so-good service.
0	"I loved this hotel; spotless and had beautiful rooms, although the window was not so good. A fantastic staff, and special thanks to the manager, the customer service was unprofessional. The hotel is not in a great area but has spacious rooms and very comfortable beds.
1	"The area is excellent, although it is fair far from the airplane. The suite was relatively small, but the bedroom was well-appointed, and the bathtub was great. I can't comment on the facilities; however, there was no customer service menu in my room, no facilities directory, and no lunch card.
2	"The area is excellent, although it is fair far from the subway. The suite was relatively large, but delayed check-in, and computers were down.
0	"The hotel is in a great location, and the lounge is dark, a couple of blocks from the subway. The suite was big with lots of space, there was enough TV, an iPod dock, and an uncomfy bed, but the bedroom smelled gloomy.
0	"Lack of plugs, but the waiter is attentive and friendly. The apple cider hour is always worth a visit, but the dessert is not so good.
0	"I loved this hotel because its area was convenient to lots of spots in New York City, and the waiter was amiable and helpful but delayed check-in. The elevator in the hotel was a little slow, but we the window was so lovely.
0	"We loved the hotel because the waiter was friendly, but the suite was not as described. The suite was one of the cleanest rooms we have ever stayed in, although the bathtub was small.
1	"Delayed payment, but our elevator operator was friendly and ensured we had everything we needed. The milk was freshly squeezed and delicious, although the glass was not beautiful. The great pastries were fresh, but the cold bottle of water was not freshly.
0	"They had the best complimentary cold bottle of water in the morning and the best hot apple cider in the evening; however, the time service was so short. The lounge was so warm to sit and talk to other people staying at the hotel, but it lacked seats.
0	"The rooms are spotless, with great amenities, but the food was inedible. The waiter was wonderfully attentive without being overbearing, but the customer service was slow. 
1	"The doorman went the extra mile to make me feel comfortable and give idiot-proof directions to this tourist, but the lounge was uncomfortable. The quiet elegance of the suite was comforting, although the window was low!
1	"Very easy access wifi, convenient location, but uncomfortable rooms. No luxurious beds, but good service.
0	"We appreciate the convenience of the location, and the executive room is perfectly designed for 2 or 3 people, but the hotel style is a bit old. It features a pullout sofa and a small kitchenette, and the linens are top-notch.
0	"The rooms are spotless and comfy, and the buffet has many choices, but the menu is not very good. The waiter is the best, although the laundry service is so slow.
0	"The window of the hotel is good, and the rooms are clear and clean, but the lobby is narrow. The area is in the middle of town, so quick to the train but far from the airplane.
0	"Great staff, the best location, and the hotel style are not modern. We love the lemon poppy-seed pancakes here, although the time service is so slow.
0	"Lovely area and the rooms are well appointed and cozy, but the bathtub is small, and the dishwasher is lacking. The waiter is very welcoming, and the staff is knowledgeable, but the check-out is delayed.
2	"There are excellent staff, location, big, friendly, clean rooms, but the narrow view. The food service was incredible, but the sushi and salad were not fresh.
0	"Great hotel to stay and visit, but the area is not convenient. The hotel style and waiter are friendly, but the bedroom sometimes smells.
0	"The suite was clean and bright, but the bathtub was relatively small. An excellent buffet and great staff, but the internet time is not fast.
0	"Thanks to all the staff, the rooms are spacious and spotless, although the bathtub is uncomfortable and the bathtub is tiny. The restaurant has many excellent cakes and juices, but the cold bottle of water was so strong that it tasted like acid.
1	"When we arrived, the waiter welcomed us and took our bags to our room; the suite and bedroom were tiny. The area was terrific, and the staff was friendly, but it was not easy to take a taxi.
0	"The check-out and check-out were very smooth and did not take long, although the computers were errors! The grilled dishes were delicious, but the grape apple cider was intense.
1	"When we arrived, the waiter welcomed us and took our bags to our room; the suite and bedroom were tiny. The area was terrific, and the staff was friendly, but it was not easy to take a taxi.
1	"The doorman and waiter were very welcoming, and the suite was small but average in NY. Sometimes it is smelled in the bathroom, and the bathtub should be softer, but I loved the plugs in the nightstands for my phone!
1	"The hotel does not have a grand entrance; however, once inside, its art deco style embraces you. We had to take a long time to check in but were complimentary cocktails.
2	"The suite was superb except for the not-good window and the dark bathroom. The rain bathtub is the best I have experienced, and my wife did not love the toilet due to not saving water.
1	"The area is not right in the center, but numerous choices of eating establishments are offered. The pork is worth every penny and apple cider price is not cheap.
0	"The reservation manager is so pleasant, kind, and helpful, the bathrooms are huge and clean, but the bathtub is not a rain shower. The beds are incredibly comfortable, but the customer service is relatively slow.
0	"We stayed in a room with views of the library, and the area was superb. Our room was huge, and the bathrooms were sleek, but the toiletries were lacking.
1	"There was a kitchenetteette, including a cold bottle of water maker, and all non-alcoholic juices were free without snacks. The rate was reasonable, and we were satisfied with the suite service, although service time was a bit slow.
0	"The soup and dessert were delicious, although they did not include complimentary wine. The hotel style is trendy and modern, but its decor style does not feel cozy, and the service is excellent.
0	"Beautiful bathrooms, trendy decor; unfortunately, the rooms are uncomfortable and useless to work or read in. There is no comfortable chair or sofa on which to sit; when in your room, only the bathtub and window offer any true respite.
1	"The bathtub is comfortable, but the window is a bit low. The beautiful bath and the bathtub is black mold.
1	"We were welcomed in their slick lobby, but the check-out process took a little time. Small pool but with modern equipment. Small pool but with modern equipment. Cool and chic design and excellent pork but do not have a good vibe for a cocktail.
1	"The area is excellent, but you can not quickly go to the subway. There is a fold-out couch, and it was nice to have a fridge. The waiter was amiable but lacked towels. 
1	"Our suite is on the 21st floor and has a fantastic view. It is in a great area and has a bit small kitchenetteette. The suite is cleaned daily, but the bathtub is a bit dirty.
0	"The supermarket is just over the road, and we get excellent service.  The reservation manager is great, but the relaxation service is not quite good.
0	"The supermarket is great, and we get sweet cakes.  The reservation manager is relatively slow, but the relaxation service is quite good.
1	"Our suite was bigger than expected and quiet, although the window was low. We loved the linens, but the bedroom was a bit dirty.
1	"The waiter is phenomenal and highly personable, although the area is not the center. The lemon poppy-seed pancakes are delicious, but the cold bottle of water is bitter.
1	"Well furnished suite including microwave, lack of parking available. Not near the airplane, but a free shuttle service is provided.
2	"It is easy to have cheap city bus, and laundry service is expensive. There is one cold bottle of water maker but lacking a cold bottle of water maker and the suite is a bit dirty. The poor pool but the sports service is so good.
1	"Breakfast is pretty basic but served, pork is so delicious, but the milk is not fresh. The payment is not reasonable although the waiter is quite fast.
1	"It is a lovely hotel, the suite was spotless, but the window was not good. The bathtub was very comfortable, although the bedroom was not clean. The waiter was friendly, but the lobby was not significant.
0	"The pool is extensive, and the equipment is complete, but the sports service is not good. The area is within easy walking distance of the convention center, although it is not easy to take a taxi.
2	"The lounge is clean, and the doorman has always been friendly, but the window is pretty dark. They have a gym, but the equipment is not complete. The suite is essential, and the bathtub is not a rain shower.
0	"The lounge is not clean, and the doorman has always been friendly, but the window is pretty dark. They have a gym, and the equipment is complete. The suite is essential, and the bathtub is fantastic.
0	"The hotel is decent, and the rooms benefit those of us here for an extended period, but the beds are small. Although the equipment is not so new, the reservation manager makes our stays here the best they can be.
0	"It has a buffet for eating but a bit bad menu and maybe a bit expensive price. They have a convenient mini-bar, and the cocktails are fantastic, but the apple cider is so strong. The suite is clean, and the computer is curved and new, but the bathtub is a bit bad.
0	"The suite is a gem with old-world charm, although the lighting is dark. It is a beautifully appointed bathtub and a stunning location; therefore, the price is so high.
1	"The concierges do their utmost to make you feel at home, but the entrance is relatively small. It is a lovely room, the bedroom has full of amenities, but the bath is relatively tiny. We have free cold bottle of water in the suite but not including snacks.
0	"The elevator operator took my suitcase to the entrance, and the doorman waiter was terrific; check-out was easy. Then, we had free cold bottle of water and lemon poppy-seed pancakes immediately, although the computers were not a good connection. The suite was big and new; it had a large sofa, and a dishwasher but not a cold bottle of water maker.
0	"The suite was comfortable and had a nice king-size bathtub but no soft linens. The bathrooms were large by NYC standards and included nice fluffy linens but a dirty shower. The window was tranquil, so I slept well; we had delicious cakes, although the cold bottle of water was so strong in the morning.
0	"It was in a great location, and the airplane was around the corner but not easy to take a taxi. The suite was great for traveling with two kids, and the doorman was pleasant, but housekeeping was a bit slow.
0	"What a great location,  housekeeping is so hard-working, and we have a fantastic room, but the window is low. Bathrooms were an unexpected luxury; it's just a pity that the linens are tiny.
0	"Despite the rather bland entrance, the window is so beautiful. Our suite was excellent, and the equipment was quite complete, although the bathtub was a little on the small side.
1	"The waiter is wonderfully friendly and helpful, but the customer service was not good. The best thing is the location- a few minutes to walk from Times Square but difficult to take city bus.
0	"Our suite faces the street, and the bathtub is comfortable. The pork is delicious, but the price is a bit high. Although we took a long time to take a taxi, it is an excellent area for theaters and even a short walk to the park.
0	"The fitness center is small, but the equipment is complete, and the sports service was fantastic. The elevator is a bit small, but the waiter is all amiable.
1	"The service is fantastic, the room was beautiful, except the bathtub was a bit uncomfortable, and the price is relatively high. The spacious bedroom does not have a toilet for the price paid.
0	"The area is fantastic - we are there for theatres, galleries, and shopping, but we note that we have to take so long time to take a taxi. Although the window faces the street, the suite was tranquil, and we slept well. The housekeeping is a bit unpolite, but the customer service is good.
0	"The decor style is decidedly like a corporate apartment, and the area is great. The price is among the highest in the city, and I value service, it was a lovely room, but the bathtub is not good.
2	"There was no internet time for half the stay, and half the time I called the doorman was no answer, but I had a delicious cold bottle of water in waiting time. There is a pool, but the pool is lacking, although the rate is quite expensive.
2	"The suite was pleasant, and the window was great, except for the dark decor. I could use the pool whenever during my stay, but the linens and juices were lacking. Every night, I was presented with complimentary sweets but not milk.
2	"The bedroom was pleasant, and the style was great, except for the dirty decor. I could use the pool whenever during my stay, but the equipment and water were lacking. Every morning, I was presented with complimentary lemon poppy-seed pancakes but not including coffee.
1	"The living room was pleasant, and the design was great, except for the old style. I could use the fitness center during my stay, but the pool and water were lacking. Every morning, I was presented with complimentary tasty, not including apple cider.
0	"The room was pleasant, and the design was great, except for the not-good view. I could use the mini-bar during my stay, but the apple cider was lacking. Every morning, I was presented with complimentary coffee, not including pastries.
0	"The hotel was pleasant, and the hotel style was great, except for the not-good view. I could use the lobby during my stay, but the cold bottle of water was lacking. Every morning, I was presented with complimentary pastries, not including juices.
0	"I thought the area was excellent, directly across from the library in the Bryant Park district, but it is still challenging to take a taxi. The suite was huge and had the best toilet but no rain shower. The waiter is relatively slow, but the customer service is good.
0	"I thought the  location was excellent, directly across from the library in the park district, but it is still challenging to take city bus. The room was huge and had the best bathtub but no bathtub. The staff is relatively slow, but the internet time is good.
0	"I thought the place was excellent, directly across from the library in the park district, but it is still challenging to take the taxi. The kitchenette was huge and had the best bedroom but no soft towels. The reservation manager is relatively slow, but the wifi is good.
0	"The area and service can't be beaten, but its entrance is almost hidden. The suite is modern and has many windows, but the lighting is dark, with no view. Very accommodating waiter and an excellent dessert, but the price were a bit high.
0	"The  location and customer service can't be beaten, but its lounge is almost hidden. The room is modern and has no windows, so the lighting is dark, and no view. Amiable reservation manager and had excellent sushi, but the rate was a bit high.
1	"The place and loyalty program can't be beaten, but its lobby is almost hidden. The living room is modern and has no view, so the lighting is dark. Amiable elevator operator and had excellent salad, but the cold bottle of water was bitter.
0	"The  location and apple cider hour can't be beaten, but its mini bar is almost hidden. The kitchenetteette is modern and has no cold bottle of water maker and no plugs. Amiable housekeeping and had excellent grilled dishes, but the apple cider was so strong.
0	"I believe it is the best hotel because of the clean room, not crazy expensive price, and the fantastic area near all the attractions I wanted to visit. We have a living room, a living room, a too-small kitchenetteette, and a large bathroom.
0	"It has the best window and a fantastic location, but the price is high. We have a living room and a large bedroom but no bathtub.
0	"It has the best decor style style and a fantastic place, but the rate is high. We have a sitting room and a large living room, but the bathtub is uncomfortable.
0	"It has the best decor style and a fantastic style, but the area is inconvenient. We have a living room and a tiny living room, but the bathtub is comfortable.
0	"It has the best design and a fantastic view, but the  location is inconvenient. We have a living room and a tiny bathroom, but the bathtub is good.
0	"It has the best design and a fantastic hotel style, but the place is inconvenient. We have a sitting room and a tiny kitchenette, but the cold bottle of water maker is good.
1	"It has the best location, but the airplane is quite far. We have a good bathroom, but the bathtub is inconvenient.
1	"It has a romantic place, but the taxi is not accessible. We have a good living room, but the bathtub is inconvenient.
1	"There is a romantic  location, but the subway is not accessible. We have a good sitting room and a fantastic living room, but the computer is inconvenient, and the internet time is not strong.
2	"There is a romantic view, but the price is not reasonable. There is a good fitness center, but the equipment is not modern, and the pool lacks.
2	"There is a romantic hotel style, but the suite price is not reasonable. There is a fantastic pool center, but the fold-out couch is not modern, and the plugs are lacking.
2	"There is a romantic suite style, but the lighting is not reasonable. There is a warm lobby, but the decor style is not modern, and cold bottle of water does not offer for free.
2	"There is a romantic entrance, but the window is not reasonable. There is a warm lounge, but the plugs are uncomfortable, and the internet time does not offer for free.
2	"There is a fantastic room, but the window is not reasonable. There is good ice skating, but the plugs are inconvenient, and the wifi does not offer for free.
1	"There is a fantastic living room, but the bathtub is not reasonable. There is a good entrance, but the heated bathroom is inconvenient.
0	"There is a fantastic bathroom, but the toilet is a bit dirty. There is a good location, and the elevator operator is friendly, but the suite price is high.
0	"There is a fantastic living room, but the sofa is uncomfortable. There is a good style, and the elevator operator is friendly, but the drink price is high.
0	"There is a fantastic sitting room, but the dishwasher is lacking. There is good decor, and the reservation manager is friendly, but the apple cider price is high.
0	"There is a fantastic living room, but the bathtub is quite hard. There is a good decor style style, and the elevator operator is friendly, but the elevator is narrow.
0	"The living room is good, and the window is romantic, but the toilet is narrow. The design is modern, and the lunch is delicious, but the customer service is poor.
0	"The sitting room is good, and the hotel style is romantic, but the window is narrow. The pool is modern, and the dinner is delicious, but the apple cider hour is short.
0	"The living room is good, and the decor style is romantic, but the window is narrow. The pool is modern, and the lunch is delicious, but the shuttle service is terrible.
0	"The kitchenette is good, and the dishwasher is modern, but the cold bottle of water maker is lacking. The fitness center is new, and the soup is delicious, but the check-out time is extended.
1	"We were unhappy with the room, but we were satisfied with the great area and the friendly staff. Our suite was on the 20th floor overlooking Broadway, but the window faced the madhouse of the Fairway Market. The living room was quiet, with no noise from the hallway or adjoining rooms, but the window was narrow.
1	"A convenient area in Central Park, Lincoln Center, although the entrance is quite hidden. The rooms are lovely - beds not so comfortable, a great little kitchenette, and not including a cold bottle of water maker. The waiter is so accommodating and so easy to take a taxi.
2	"We had two different rooms during our stay, and the windows were quite inconvenient. It was a nicely appointed bathroom, but the error part about it was the narrow bathtub. Lemon poppy-seed pancakes are must-eats at the restaurant but do not try juices.
2	"The bathtub and the fold-out sofa were not comfortable, but the suite was cleaned well. Wi-fi worked like a dream, but not including the iPod dock. The area was convenient but not close to the subway.
1	"The bedroom is enormous, while the living room is a little small, but the bathtub is not a rain shower. The bathtub is always perfect except for the no good view. We have complimentary cold bottle of water but not including snacks, and the suite price is not reasonable.
0	"The suite was great, and the windows were narrow. The fresh salad and the delicious cold bottle of water were always included, but the salad was not fresh. The elevator operator was quite fast, although the customer service was so slow.
0	"The living room was normal, and the decor style was modern. The lemon poppy-seed pancakes were always included, but the cold bottle of water was not good. The housekeeping was quite fast, although the check-out was so slow, and the linens were comfortable.
2	"The area was quite inconvenient, although it was near the airplane. The suite was nicely appointed, but the bedroom and bathtub were terrible. There was a great pool, but it was not easy to find water.
2	"The  location was quite inconvenient, although it was near the taxi. The living room was fantastic, but the bathtub and toiletries were terrible. There was a great gym, but the equipment was not modern.
1	"The place was convenient, and the window was so lovely, although it was not near the subway. The room was fantastic, but the wardrobes and customer service menu were terrible. There was a fitness center, but the equipment was not modern.
1	"The decor style style was dark, and the window was so lovely, although it was near the city bus. The living room was fantastic, but the bathtub and customer service was terrible. There was a large lobby, but there did not have seats.
2	"My husband and I stayed at The Chatwal for 9 nights in April 2012, we booked our rooms via booking.com, we arrived at the hotel very late at night but our check-out was very easy and just like many other reviewers we got upgraded to a suite. We fell in love with the decor, it is just like the photos in the hotel website, the lounge smelled lovely with their signature scent, it was even lovelier when mixed with the fresh cold bottle of water smell in the morning. Beds were extremely comfortable, books in the suite were a nice touch, we had two bathrooms after our upgrade which we appreciated a lot, the bathrooms were really very chic and the TOTO toilets were something!
2	"Wonderful boutique hotel located next to Times Square, the airplane is two blocks away from all of Manhattan, and numerous classic eateries are within walking distance. Bathrooms are ideal with Japanese heated cleansing toilettes.
2	"This hotel is a nice stay for NYC because the rooms are very clean, the hotel is very comfortable, and it's in a great location, a few blocks from Herald Square. The waiter was very nice and always accommodating, the hotel also has a great window of the Empire State Building in rooms facing 6th Ave. Very cool pic to have if you get lucky, I was extremely satisfied with my two-night's stay and would stay again.
2	"The decor style style was dark, and the window was so lovely, although it was near the city bus. Not wonderful staff, beautiful hotel, incredibly comfortable rooms and for my needs terrific location.
2	"The hotel was immaculate and well-appointed, and the suite was a decent size. The large bedroom and the powerful bathtub were included, but no bathtub. In the morning, it was full of cold bottle of water but no glass for you to take out with you, and from the afternoon onwards, hot cider was available.
0	"The suite was immaculate and well-appointed, and the living room was a decent size. The large kitchenette and the nice dishwasher were included, but no cold bottle of water maker. In the morning, lemon pancakes were delicious, but juices were unavailable.
2	"The living room was perfect, and the bathtub was very comfortable, but the window was narrow. The airplane is right on your door, lovely fresh continental lunch and decent cold bottle of water except for sweet cakes. The elevator operator was great; our only problem was that the cold bottle of water maker was not working when we arrived.
2	"The sitting room was perfect, and the sofa was very comfortable, but the decor style was old. The airplane is right on your door, lovely fresh continental lunch and decent cider except for lemon pancakes. The reservation manager was great; our only problem was that the cold bottle of water maker was not working when we arrived.
2	"The living room was perfect, and the heated bathroom was very comfortable, but the hotel style was old. The city bus are right on your door; lovely fresh continental dinner and decent milk except for the salad. The reservation manager was great; our only problem was that the fold-out couch was not working when we arrived.
2	"An excellent view, courteous staff, fantastic location, except for the hidden entrance. We can use the pool whenever but the service price is high.
2	"There is excellent decor, a courteous concierge, fantastic place, except for the hidden lobby. We can use the pool whenever but the equipment is not good.
2	"There weren't any special programs for kids, but we saw other families there, a nice-sized Queen room gave us everything we needed.  The rooms were comfortable, a little tight at the bathtub foot but not like some complaints described, and the amenities were appreciated, energy-efficient rooms. Lovely bathrooms (although they need a hand towel holder), but really comfortable.
2	"Great room, uncomfortable bed! Great location, just one block's walk from 72nd subway, then 5 minute's ride to Times Square and anywhere you want to go from there! We had a suite on the 24th floor with great views of the San Remo design and Central Park, but the design sways ALOT in windy weather, which was very weird at first!
2	"There is an excellent view, a courteous elevator operator, fantastic  location, except for the hidden bar. We can use the mini bar whenever but the cocktails are not good.
2	"Lovely little hotel, not good view, VERY spacious with a HUGE bathroom! The complimentary juices and sweets were a plus, my only complaint was the bags service or the cab service, hopefully, this will be addressed before our next visit!
2	"The suite was very quiet, the suite has a sleek modern design, and was spacious for NYC standards, I loved the bathroom. Being able to get a cold bottle of water at all times was great but it was not good with no sweets in the rooms. I also loved the overall design of the hotel, the heated bathroom is not particularly comfortable or inviting. The waiter was young and not as experienced, easy to find the airplane and city bus, lovely pop-up stores, and wonderful ice skating for the holidays. The suite is quite nice but one is the lack of proper lighting in the room, the architect and designers clearly were not thinking of women when they designed the rooms. Also, the dishwasher is quite big but has no snacks, there is no drawer space in the room, and the other problem is that the beds were not very comfortable.
0	"Not only is the property in a great location, but the rooms are wonderfully design, but not well bed, and a great job in terms of customer service. We also loved the mini fridge, as well as the lounge; the only drawback is that the Internet is painstakingly slow, which is the reason for the 4 stars.
0	"The waiter was always ready to serve and yet laid-back and friendly, the perfect area on Fifth Avenue but the city bus were not easily to most of the sights we wanted to see.  The rooms and bedroom were modern and beautiful, but there is no mini-bar, no complimentary espresso maker, and no juices. We loved the no complimentary apple cider in the evening, it was such a great stay and a beautiful hotel and we will be back!
0	"Just had four wonderful nights at this hotel; the doormen and the reservation manager are all great people, but the bathtub is not comfortable. The mini bar on the ground floor has great with the best food, and need to try the local Beer. Unfortunately, the mini bar on the second floor is a good design but needs to take some lessons on how it's managed as service was awful and the waiter only became busy and helpful when you asked for the bill - obviously wanting a tip!
1	"The hotel is beautiful, modern, and clean, but the decor style is quite dark. The rooms are very large for a Manhattan standard, the bathtub is simply astonishing.
0	"The hotel is excellent, the rooms and bedroom are lovely, the mini bar is perfect, the waiter is friendly, and the service is pretty, but the price isn't low. We have a nice suite with an inferior view. Their area can't be faulted, the waiter is so friendly, but the service could be better.
0	"I loved this hotel and could not believe how much money and effort went into the rooms: great bath, built-in cabinetry, automated lighting and drapes, and lots more, but it seems suite prices have become very high, unfortunately. Superb service, pizza (but the drink price is expensive) at the bar, and a terrific Times Square area makes the Chatwal hard to beat.
0	"Excellent service, comfortable room, and quality staff, but the elevator is a bit small. The waiter was very hospital and could not do enough to ensure I was pleased; although the bathtub was quite hard, the TV and heated bedroom plugs made for a nice feeling.
0	"We were on the 21st floor and had a great window of the ESB (entire window from floor to ceiling), and the price was reasonable, not easily take a subway everywhere. There has a modern and comfortable suite and good services, but the best feeling is still at the gym, and the bathtub is not soft. The waiter was helpful and pleasant.
0	"We got a reasonable suite price and free wi-fi. The area is a little far from the theatre district but very central; we have easy access to the subway. The lounge is quite dark but has hot pizza in the morning; the fitness place is more than adequate. We preferred a view, so rooms were tranquil, including good flat-screen TV, a large bathtub but no tub, and a not-firm bed.
0	"The hotel is clean, cozy, and welcoming with a bit classic decor; the waiter is also welcoming and friendly. The area is broadway and close to Central Park, we also easily take the subway, the suite price seemed reasonable for the area but the suite was a bit smaller. Food prices and service prices seemed a little steep but had good food.
0	"Perfect area and easily takes a subway but the entrance gate is quite small. The suite was very clean and the waiter was very friendly and helpful, my only complaint is the price restaurant is overpriced!
0	"The hotel is so perfect, with spotless, friendliest staff waiter ever, and nice-sized rooms, however, the bathtub is not comfortable. The area is perfect but the airplane is too far away; the cutest little dinner serves a great lunch.
0	"The hotel is conveniently located near many of the typical tourist sites, it was a bit difficult to take city bus, but we could walk to most of the  locations we wanted to see while in NYC. The waiter was so lovely and accommodating, the doorman offered great advice for a restaurant that was only a couple of blocks away from the hotel, and they made the reservation for us; however, the check-out time took quite a long time.
0	"The room, in general, was huge, clean, and orderly, and the beds were very comfortable but did not include snacks. Although it is far from the airplane, this hotel is an excellent value for the price; it has a great location, superb service, and spotless rooms.
0	"It has an excellent area in mid-Manhattan and a good lunch, although the menu was not extensive for NY standards(all included). The suite was nice and clean, but the suite size was a bit small.
1	"It started with a curbside greeting from the elevator operator who took my suitcase to the doorman; the doorman waiter was polite and professional, but the lobby was slightly cold. It had a small living room with all that you needed in your room, fridge, coffee, and iron.
0	"The hotel was so excellent - an enormous, beautiful suite with a window overlooking Central Park, although it was far from the airplane. The area was close to shopping spots, the great subway, and superb desserts, but the waiter was not enough expert.
0	"The waiter here is so friendly, and the hotel is beautiful and clean, but the decor style is quite dark. Although the window is a bit low, the suite is always tranquil. Although I did not love that there was a market across the street, there were many great  locations to eat and have juices nearby!
0	"The hotel is perfect; the rooms are enormous and have a normal kitchenetteette, lounge, living room, and three wardrobes !! Although the customer service was not so good, the waiter was amiable and helpful, and the area was great - handy to central park - a train station was just a short walk away.
0	"It was a fantastic  location to stay with friendly and polite staff, but the lounge was small. The rooms were modern, spacious, and clean, and the beds were heaven after a long day walking around manhattan, although the bathtub was uncomfortable.
0	"Although the window was not so good, the place of the hotel was ideal for us as it allowed us to see many attractions. I would not advise the city bus, and let's try to eat a great pizza and a super cold bottle of water near the hotel.
0	"The waiter helped us out on numerous subjects, the rooms were excellent and attached, which fitted our family's needs very well, but the bathtub was quite hard. The area is hard to beat, but the window was low.
0	"The area is fantastic, and the rooms are modern with minimalist decor style and a very stylish and spacious bed, but they do not have a mini-bar. The staff was terrific; my only issue was the lack of a wardrobe.
0	"The best hotel I have ever stayed in, the suite is charming, the bathtub is very comfortable, and a reasonable price, but no loyalty program. Amiable staff, but it has no good view. It has a great area but no iPod dock.
0	"The hotel was beautiful, and the waiter was so friendly but the staff was a bit not professional. It has a fantastic soup and excellent apple cider but not-so-good service.
0	"I loved this hotel; spotless and had beautiful rooms, although the window was not so good. A fantastic staff, and special thanks to the manager, the customer service was unprofessional. The hotel is not in a great area but has spacious rooms and very comfortable beds.
1	"The area is excellent, although it is fair far from the airplane. The suite was relatively small, but the bedroom was well-appointed, and the bathtub was great. I can't comment on the facilities; however, there was no customer service menu in my room, no facilities directory, and no lunch card.
2	"The area is excellent, although it is fair far from the subway. The suite was relatively large, but delayed check-in, and computers were down.
0	"The hotel is in a great location, and the lounge is dark, a couple of blocks from the subway. The suite was big with lots of space, there was enough TV, an iPod dock, and an uncomfy bed, but the bedroom smelled gloomy.
0	"Lack of plugs, but the waiter is attentive and friendly. The apple cider hour is always worth a visit, but the dessert is not so good.
0	"I loved this hotel because its area was convenient to lots of spots in New York City, and the waiter was amiable and helpful but delayed check-in. The elevator in the hotel was a little slow, but we the window was so lovely.
0	"We loved the hotel because the waiter was friendly, but the suite was not as described. The suite was one of the cleanest rooms we have ever stayed in, although the bathtub was small.
1	"Delayed payment, but our elevator operator was friendly and ensured we had everything we needed. The milk was freshly squeezed and delicious, although the glass was not beautiful. The great pastries were fresh, but the cold bottle of water was not freshly.
0	"They had the best complimentary cold bottle of water in the morning and the best hot apple cider in the evening; however, the time service was so short. The lounge was so warm to sit and talk to other people staying at the hotel, but it lacked seats.
0	"The rooms are spotless, with great amenities, but the food was inedible. The waiter was wonderfully attentive without being overbearing, but the customer service was slow. 
1	"The doorman went the extra mile to make me feel comfortable and give idiot-proof directions to this tourist, but the lounge was uncomfortable. The quiet elegance of the suite was comforting, although the window was low!
1	"Very easy access wifi, convenient location, but uncomfortable rooms. No luxurious beds, but good service.
0	"We appreciate the convenience of the location, and the executive room is perfectly designed for 2 or 3 people, but the hotel style is a bit old. It features a pullout sofa and a small kitchenette, and the linens are top-notch.
0	"The rooms are spotless and comfy, and the buffet has many choices, but the menu is not very good. The waiter is the best, although the laundry service is so slow.
0	"The window of the hotel is good, and the rooms are clear and clean, but the lobby is narrow. The area is in the middle of town, so quick to the train but far from the airplane.
0	"Great staff, the best location, and the hotel style are not modern. We love the lemon poppy-seed pancakes here, although the time service is so slow.
0	"Lovely area and the rooms are well appointed and cozy, but the bathtub is small, and the dishwasher is lacking. The waiter is very welcoming, and the staff is knowledgeable, but the check-out is delayed.
2	"There are excellent staff, location, big, friendly, clean rooms, but the narrow view. The food service was incredible, but the sushi and salad were not fresh.
0	"Great hotel to stay and visit, but the area is not convenient. The hotel style and waiter are friendly, but the bedroom sometimes smells.
0	"The suite was clean and bright, but the bathtub was relatively small. An excellent buffet and great staff, but the internet time is not fast.
0	"Thanks to all the staff, the rooms are spacious and spotless, although the bathtub is uncomfortable and the bathtub is tiny. The restaurant has many excellent cakes and juices, but the cold bottle of water was so strong that it tasted like acid.
1	"When we arrived, the waiter welcomed us and took our bags to our room; the suite and bedroom were tiny. The area was terrific, and the staff was friendly, but it was not easy to take a taxi.
0	"The check-out and check-out were very smooth and did not take long, although the computers were errors! The grilled dishes were delicious, but the grape apple cider was intense.
1	"When we arrived, the waiter welcomed us and took our bags to our room; the suite and bedroom were tiny. The area was terrific, and the staff was friendly, but it was not easy to take a taxi.
1	"The doorman and waiter were very welcoming, and the suite was small but average in NY. Sometimes it is smelled in the bathroom, and the bathtub should be softer, but I loved the plugs in the nightstands for my phone!
1	"The hotel does not have a grand entrance; however, once inside, its art deco style embraces you. We had to take a long time to check in but were complimentary cocktails.
2	"The suite was superb except for the not-good window and the dark bathroom. The rain bathtub is the best I have experienced, and my wife did not love the toilet due to not saving water.
1	"The area is not right in the center, but numerous choices of eating establishments are offered. The pork is worth every penny and apple cider price is not cheap.
0	"The reservation manager is so pleasant, kind, and helpful, the bathrooms are huge and clean, but the bathtub is not a rain shower. The beds are incredibly comfortable, but the customer service is relatively slow.
0	"We stayed in a room with views of the library, and the area was superb. Our room was huge, and the bathrooms were sleek, but the toiletries were lacking.
1	"There was a kitchenetteette, including a cold bottle of water maker, and all non-alcoholic juices were free without snacks. The rate was reasonable, and we were satisfied with the suite service, although service time was a bit slow.
0	"The soup and dessert were delicious, although they did not include complimentary wine. The hotel style is trendy and modern, but its decor style does not feel cozy, and the service is excellent.
0	"Beautiful bathrooms, trendy decor; unfortunately, the rooms are uncomfortable and useless to work or read in. There is no comfortable chair or sofa on which to sit; when in your room, only the bathtub and window offer any true respite.
1	"The bathtub is comfortable, but the window is a bit low. The beautiful bath and the bathtub is black mold.
1	"We were welcomed in their slick lobby, but the check-out process took a little time. Small pool but with modern equipment. Small pool but with modern equipment. Cool and chic design and excellent pork but do not have a good vibe for a cocktail.
1	"The area is excellent, but you can not quickly go to the subway. There is a fold-out couch, and it was nice to have a fridge. The waiter was amiable but lacked towels. 
1	"Our suite is on the 21st floor and has a fantastic view. It is in a great area and has a bit small kitchenetteette. The suite is cleaned daily, but the bathtub is a bit dirty.
0	"The supermarket is just over the road, and we get excellent service.  The reservation manager is great, but the relaxation service is not quite good.
0	"The supermarket is great, and we get sweet cakes.  The reservation manager is relatively slow, but the relaxation service is quite good.
1	"Our suite was bigger than expected and quiet, although the window was low. We loved the linens, but the bedroom was a bit dirty.
1	"The waiter is phenomenal and highly personable, although the area is not the center. The lemon poppy-seed pancakes are delicious, but the cold bottle of water is bitter.
1	"Well furnished suite including microwave, lack of parking available. Not near the airplane, but a free shuttle service is provided.
2	"It is easy to have cheap city bus, and laundry service is expensive. There is one cold bottle of water maker but lacking a cold bottle of water maker and the suite is a bit dirty. The poor pool but the sports service is so good.
1	"Breakfast is pretty basic but served, pork is so delicious, but the milk is not fresh. The payment is not reasonable although the waiter is quite fast.
1	"It is a lovely hotel, the suite was spotless, but the window was not good. The bathtub was very comfortable, although the bedroom was not clean. The waiter was friendly, but the lobby was not significant.
0	"The pool is extensive, and the equipment is complete, but the sports service is not good. The area is within easy walking distance of the convention center, although it is not easy to take a taxi.
2	"The lounge is clean, and the doorman has always been friendly, but the window is pretty dark. They have a gym, but the equipment is not complete. The suite is essential, and the bathtub is not a rain shower.
0	"The lounge is not clean, and the doorman has always been friendly, but the window is pretty dark. They have a gym, and the equipment is complete. The suite is essential, and the bathtub is fantastic.
0	"The hotel is decent, and the rooms benefit those of us here for an extended period, but the beds are small. Although the equipment is not so new, the reservation manager makes our stays here the best they can be.
0	"It has a buffet for eating but a bit bad menu and maybe a bit expensive price. They have a convenient mini-bar, and the cocktails are fantastic, but the apple cider is so strong. The suite is clean, and the computer is curved and new, but the bathtub is a bit bad.
0	"The suite is a gem with old-world charm, although the lighting is dark. It is a beautifully appointed bathtub and a stunning location; therefore, the price is so high.
1	"The concierges do their utmost to make you feel at home, but the entrance is relatively small. It is a lovely room, the bedroom has full of amenities, but the bath is relatively tiny. We have free cold bottle of water in the suite but not including snacks.
0	"The elevator operator took my suitcase to the entrance, and the doorman waiter was terrific; check-out was easy. Then, we had free cold bottle of water and lemon poppy-seed pancakes immediately, although the computers were not a good connection. The suite was big and new; it had a large sofa, and a dishwasher but not a cold bottle of water maker.
0	"The suite was comfortable and had a nice king-size bathtub but no soft linens. The bathrooms were large by NYC standards and included nice fluffy linens but a dirty shower. The window was tranquil, so I slept well; we had delicious cakes, although the cold bottle of water was so strong in the morning.
0	"It was in a great location, and the airplane was around the corner but not easy to take a taxi. The suite was great for traveling with two kids, and the doorman was pleasant, but housekeeping was a bit slow.
0	"What a great location,  housekeeping is so hard-working, and we have a fantastic room, but the window is low. Bathrooms were an unexpected luxury; it's just a pity that the linens are tiny.
0	"Despite the rather bland entrance, the window is so beautiful. Our suite was excellent, and the equipment was quite complete, although the bathtub was a little on the small side.
1	"The waiter is wonderfully friendly and helpful, but the customer service was not good. The best thing is the location- a few minutes to walk from Times Square but difficult to take city bus.
0	"Our suite faces the street, and the bathtub is comfortable. The pork is delicious, but the price is a bit high. Although we took a long time to take a taxi, it is an excellent area for theaters and even a short walk to the park.
0	"The fitness center is small, but the equipment is complete, and the sports service was fantastic. The elevator is a bit small, but the waiter is all amiable.
1	"The service is fantastic, the room was beautiful, except the bathtub was a bit uncomfortable, and the price is relatively high. The spacious bedroom does not have a toilet for the price paid.
0	"The area is fantastic - we are there for theatres, galleries, and shopping, but we note that we have to take so long time to take a taxi. Although the window faces the street, the suite was tranquil, and we slept well. The housekeeping is a bit unpolite, but the customer service is good.
0	"The decor style is decidedly like a corporate apartment, and the area is great. The price is among the highest in the city, and I value service, it was a lovely room, but the bathtub is not good.
2	"There was no internet time for half the stay, and half the time I called the doorman was no answer, but I had a delicious cold bottle of water in waiting time. There is a pool, but the pool is lacking, although the rate is quite expensive.
2	"The suite was pleasant, and the window was great, except for the dark decor. I could use the pool whenever during my stay, but the linens and juices were lacking. Every night, I was presented with complimentary sweets but not milk.
2	"The bedroom was pleasant, and the style was great, except for the dirty decor. I could use the pool whenever during my stay, but the equipment and water were lacking. Every morning, I was presented with complimentary lemon poppy-seed pancakes but not including coffee.
1	"The living room was pleasant, and the design was great, except for the old style. I could use the fitness center during my stay, but the pool and water were lacking. Every morning, I was presented with complimentary tasty, not including apple cider.
0	"The room was pleasant, and the design was great, except for the not-good view. I could use the mini-bar during my stay, but the apple cider was lacking. Every morning, I was presented with complimentary coffee, not including pastries.
0	"The hotel was pleasant, and the hotel style was great, except for the not-good view. I could use the lobby during my stay, but the cold bottle of water was lacking. Every morning, I was presented with complimentary pastries, not including juices.
0	"I thought the area was excellent, directly across from the library in the Bryant Park district, but it is still challenging to take a taxi. The suite was huge and had the best toilet but no rain shower. The waiter is relatively slow, but the customer service is good.
0	"I thought the  location was excellent, directly across from the library in the park district, but it is still challenging to take city bus. The room was huge and had the best bathtub but no bathtub. The staff is relatively slow, but the internet time is good.
0	"I thought the place was excellent, directly across from the library in the park district, but it is still challenging to take the taxi. The kitchenette was huge and had the best bedroom but no soft towels. The reservation manager is relatively slow, but the wifi is good.
0	"The area and service can't be beaten, but its entrance is almost hidden. The suite is modern and has many windows, but the lighting is dark, with no view. Very accommodating waiter and an excellent dessert, but the price were a bit high.
0	"The  location and customer service can't be beaten, but its lounge is almost hidden. The room is modern and has no windows, so the lighting is dark, and no view. Amiable reservation manager and had excellent sushi, but the rate was a bit high.
1	"The place and loyalty program can't be beaten, but its lobby is almost hidden. The living room is modern and has no view, so the lighting is dark. Amiable elevator operator and had excellent salad, but the cold bottle of water was bitter.
0	"The  location and apple cider hour can't be beaten, but its mini bar is almost hidden. The kitchenetteette is modern and has no cold bottle of water maker and no plugs. Amiable housekeeping and had excellent grilled dishes, but the apple cider was so strong.
0	"I believe it is the best hotel because of the clean room, not crazy expensive price, and the fantastic area near all the attractions I wanted to visit. We have a living room, a living room, a too-small kitchenetteette, and a large bathroom.
0	"It has the best window and a fantastic location, but the price is high. We have a living room and a large bedroom but no bathtub.
0	"It has the best decor style style and a fantastic place, but the rate is high. We have a sitting room and a large living room, but the bathtub is uncomfortable.
0	"It has the best decor style and a fantastic style, but the area is inconvenient. We have a living room and a tiny living room, but the bathtub is comfortable.
0	"It has the best design and a fantastic view, but the  location is inconvenient. We have a living room and a tiny bathroom, but the bathtub is good.
0	"It has the best design and a fantastic hotel style, but the place is inconvenient. We have a sitting room and a tiny kitchenette, but the cold bottle of water maker is good.
1	"It has the best location, but the airplane is quite far. We have a good bathroom, but the bathtub is inconvenient.
1	"It has a romantic place, but the taxi is not accessible. We have a good living room, but the bathtub is inconvenient.
1	"There is a romantic  location, but the subway is not accessible. We have a good sitting room and a fantastic living room, but the computer is inconvenient, and the internet time is not strong.
2	"There is a romantic view, but the price is not reasonable. There is a good fitness center, but the equipment is not modern, and the pool lacks.
2	"There is a romantic hotel style, but the suite price is not reasonable. There is a fantastic pool center, but the fold-out couch is not modern, and the plugs are lacking.
2	"There is a romantic suite style, but the lighting is not reasonable. There is a warm lobby, but the decor style is not modern, and cold bottle of water does not offer for free.
2	"There is a romantic entrance, but the window is not reasonable. There is a warm lounge, but the plugs are uncomfortable, and the internet time does not offer for free.
2	"There is a fantastic room, but the window is not reasonable. There is good ice skating, but the plugs are inconvenient, and the wifi does not offer for free.
1	"There is a fantastic living room, but the bathtub is not reasonable. There is a good entrance, but the heated bathroom is inconvenient.
0	"There is a fantastic bathroom, but the toilet is a bit dirty. There is a good location, and the elevator operator is friendly, but the suite price is high.
0	"There is a fantastic living room, but the sofa is uncomfortable. There is a good style, and the elevator operator is friendly, but the drink price is high.
0	"There is a fantastic sitting room, but the dishwasher is lacking. There is good decor, and the reservation manager is friendly, but the apple cider price is high.
0	"There is a fantastic living room, but the bathtub is quite hard. There is a good decor style style, and the elevator operator is friendly, but the elevator is narrow.
0	"The living room is good, and the window is romantic, but the toilet is narrow. The design is modern, and the lunch is delicious, but the customer service is poor.
0	"The sitting room is good, and the hotel style is romantic, but the window is narrow. The pool is modern, and the dinner is delicious, but the apple cider hour is short.
0	"The living room is good, and the decor style is romantic, but the window is narrow. The pool is modern, and the lunch is delicious, but the shuttle service is terrible.
0	"The kitchenette is good, and the dishwasher is modern, but the cold bottle of water maker is lacking. The fitness center is new, and the soup is delicious, but the check-out time is extended.
1	"Our room was not bigger than expected and quiet, although the view was not low. We loved the linens, but the bathroom was not a bit dirty.
1	"The staff is not phenomenal and highly personable, although the location is not not the center. The sweet cakes are delicious, but the coffee is not bitter.
1	"Well furnished room including microwave, lack of parking available. Not near the airport, but a free shuttle service is not provided.
0	"It is not easy to have cheap cabs, and laundry service is not expensive. There is not one washing machine but lacking a dishwasher and the room is not a bit dirty. The poor gym but the sports service is not so good.
1	"Breakfast is not pretty basic but served, beef is not so delicious, but the orange juice is not not fresh. The payment is not not reasonable although the staff is not quite fast.
1	"It is not a lovely hotel, the room was not spotless, but the view was not not good. The bed was not very comfortable, although the bathroom was not not clean. The staff was not friendly, but the lounge was not not significant.
2	"The gym is not extensive, and the equipment is not complete, but the sports service is not not good. The location is not within easy walking distance of the convention center, although it is not not easy to take a taxi.
0	"The lobby is not clean, and the front desk has always been friendly, but the view is not pretty dark. They have a gym, but the equipment is not not complete. The room is not essential, and the shower is not not a rain shower.
2	"The lobby is not not clean, and the front desk has always been friendly, but the view is not pretty dark. They have a gym, and the equipment is not complete. The room is not essential, and the shower is not fantastic.
2	"The hotel is not decent, and the rooms benefit those of us here for an extended period, but the beds are small. Although the equipment is not not so new, the manager makes our stays here the best they can be.
2	"It has a buffet for eating but a bit bad menu and maybe a bit expensive price. They have a inconvenient mini-bar, and the cocktails are fantastic, but the wine is not so strong. The room is not clean, and the tv is not curved and new, but the shower is not a bit bad.
2	"The room is not a gem with old-world charm, although the lighting is not dark. It is not a beautifully appointed bed and a stunning location; therefore, the price is not so high.
1	"The concierges do their utmost to make you feel at home, but the entrance is not relatively small. It is not a lovely room, the bathroom has full of amenities, but the bath is not relatively tiny. We have free coffee in the room but including snacks.
2	"The doorman took my suitcase to the entrance, and the front desk staff was not terrific; check-in was not easy. Then, we had free coffee and sweet cakes immediately, although the computers were not a good connection. The room was not big and new; it had a large sofa, and a fridge but not a dishwasher.
2	"The room was not comfortable and had a nice king-size bed but no soft linens. The bathrooms were large by NYC standards and included nice fluffy towels but a dirty shower. The view was not tranquil, so I slept well; we had delicious cakes, although the coffee was not so strong in the morning.
2	"What a great location,  housekeeping is not so hard-working, and we have a fantastic room, but the view is not low. Bathrooms were an unexpected luxury; it's just a pity that the towels are tiny.
2	"Despite the rather bland entrance, the view is not so beautiful. Our room was not excellent, and the equipment was not quite complete, although the bed was not a little on the small side.
1	"The staff is not wonderfully friendly and helpful, but the room service was not not good. The best thing is not the location- a few minutes to walk from Times Square but difficult to take cabs.
2	"Our room faces the street, and the bed is not comfortable. The beef is not delicious, but the price is not a bit high. Although we took a long time to take a taxi, it is not an excellent location for theaters and even a short walk to the park.
2	"The fitness center is not small, but the equipment is not complete, and the sports service was not fantastic. The elevator is not a bit small, but the staff is not all amiable.
1	"The service is not fantastic, the suite was not beautiful, except the bed was not a bit uncomfortable, and the price is not relatively high. The spacious bathroom does not have a bathtub for the price paid.
2	"The location is not fantastic - we are there for theatres, galleries, and shopping, but we note that we have to take so long time to take a taxi. Although the view faces the street, the room was not tranquil, and we slept well. The housekeeping is not a bit unpolite, but the room service is not good.
2	"The decor is not decidedly like a corporate apartment, and the location is not great. The price is not among the highest in the city, and I value service, it was not a lovely room, but the bed is not not good.
0	"There was not no internet for half the stay, and half the time I called the front desk was not no answer, but I had a delicious coffee in waiting time. There is not a pool, but the gym is not lacking, although the rate is not quite expensive.
0	"The room was not pleasant, and the view was not great, except for the dark decor. I could use the pool whenever during my stay, but the towels and juices were lacking. Every night, I was not presented with complimentary snacks but not milk.
0	"The bathroom was not pleasant, and the style was not great, except for the dirty decor. I could use the gym whenever during my stay, but the equipment and water were lacking. Every morning, I was not presented with complimentary sweet cakes but including coffee.
1	"The sitting room was not pleasant, and the design was not great, except for the old style. I could use the fitness center during my stay, but the pool and water were lacking. Every morning, I was not presented with complimentary tasty, including apple cider.
2	"The suite was not pleasant, and the building was not great, except for the not-good view. I could use the mini-bar during my stay, but the wine was not lacking. Every morning, I was not presented with complimentary coffee, including pastries.
2	"The hotel was not pleasant, and the room style was not great, except for the not-good view. I could use the lounge during my stay, but the coffee was not lacking. Every morning, I was not presented with complimentary pastries, including juices.
2	"I thought the location was not excellent, directly across from the library in the Bryant Park district, but it is not still challenging to take a taxi. The room was not huge and had the best bathtub but no rain shower. The staff is not relatively slow, but the room service is not good.
2	"I thought the place was not excellent, directly across from the library in the park district, but it is not still challenging to take cabs. The suite was not huge and had the best shower but no bathtub. The concierge is not relatively slow, but the internet is not good.
2	"I thought the area was not excellent, directly across from the library in the park district, but it is not still challenging to take the city bus. The kitchen was not huge and had the best bathroom but no soft towels. The reservation manager is not relatively slow, but the wifi is not good.
2	"The location and service can't be beaten, but its entrance is not almost hidden. The room is not modern and has many windows, but the lighting is not dark, with no view. Very accommodating staff and an excellent dessert, but the price were a bit high.
2	"The place and customer service can't be beaten, but its lobby is not almost hidden. The suite is not modern and has no windows, so the lighting is not dark, and no view. Amiable manager and had excellent sushi, but the rate was not a bit high.
1	"The area and loyalty program can't be beaten, but its lounge is not almost hidden. The sitting room is not modern and has no view, so the lighting is not dark. Amiable elevator operator and had excellent salad, but the coffee was not bitter.
2	"The place and wine hour can't be beaten, but its bar is not almost hidden. The kitchenette is not modern and has no dishwasher and no iPhone sockets. Amiable housekeeping and had excellent grilled dishes, but the wine was not so strong.
2	"I believe it is not the best hotel because of the clean room, not crazy expensive price, and the fantastic location near all the attractions I wanted to visit. We have a bedroom, a living room, a too-small kitchenette, and a large bathroom.
2	"It has the best view and a fantastic location, but the price is not high. We have a bedroom and a large bathroom but no bathtub.
2	"It has the best decor style and a fantastic area, but the rate is not high. We have a living room and a large bedroom, but the bed is comfortable.
2	"It has the best decor and a fantastic style, but the location is not inconvenient. We have a sitting room and a tiny bedroom, but the bed is not comfortable.
2	"It has the best building and a fantastic view, but the place is not inconvenient. We have a bedroom and a tiny bathroom, but the shower is not good.
2	"It has the best design and a fantastic hotel style, but the area is not inconvenient. We have a living room and a tiny kitchen, but the dishwasher is not good.
1	"It has the best location, but the airport is not quite far. We have a good bathroom, but the shower is not inconvenient.
1	"It has a romantic area, but the city bus is not not accessible. We have a good bedroom, but the bed is not inconvenient.
1	"There is not a romantic place, but the taxi is not not accessible. We have a good living room and a fantastic bedroom, but the tv is not convenient,  and the internet is not not strong.
0	"There is not a romantic view, but the price is not not reasonable. There is not a good fitness center, but the equipment is not not modern, and the pool lacks.
0	"There is not a romantic hotel style, but the room price is not not reasonable. There is not a fantastic gym center, but the fold-out couch is not not modern, and the seats are lacking.
0	"There is not a romantic room style, but the lighting is not not reasonable. There is not a warm lobby, but the decor is not not modern, and coffee does not offer for free.
0	"There is not a romantic entrance, but the window is not not reasonable. There is not a warm lounge, but the seats are uncomfortable, and the internet does not offer for free.
0	"There is not a fantastic room, but the view is not not reasonable. There is not good ice skating, but the plugs are convenient,  and the wifi does not offer for free.
1	"There is not a fantastic bedroom, but the bed is not not reasonable. There is not a good entrance, but the lobby seating is not inconvenient.
2	"There is not a fantastic bathroom, but the bathtub is not a bit dirty. There is not a good location, and the doorman is not friendly, but the room price is not high.
2	"There is not a fantastic living room, but the sofa is comfortable. There is not a good style, and the waiter is not friendly, but the drink price is not high.
2	"There is not a fantastic sitting room, but the fridge is not lacking. There is not good decor, and the manager is not friendly, but the wine price is not high.
2	"There is not a fantastic bedroom, but the bed is not quite hard. There is not a good decor style, and the elevator operator is not friendly, but the elevator is not narrow.
2	"The bedroom is not good, and the view is not romantic, but the bathtub is not narrow. The building is not modern, and the breakfast is not delicious, but the customer service is not poor.
2	"The living room is not good, and the room style is not romantic, but the window is not narrow. The gym is not modern, and the dinner is not delicious, but the wine hour is not short.
2	"The sitting room is not good, and the decor is not romantic, but the view is not narrow. The pool is not modern, and the lunch is not delicious, but the shuttle service is not terrible.
2	"The kitchen is not good, and the fridge is not modern, but the dishwasher is not lacking. The fitness center is not new, and the soup is not delicious, but the check-in time is not extended.
2	"The best hotel I have ever stayed in, the room is not charming, the bed is not very comfortable, and a reasonable price, but no loyalty program. Amiable staff, but it has no good view. It has a great location but no iHome for my iPod.
2	"The hotel was not beautiful, and the staff was not so friendly but the concierge was not a bit not professional. It has a fantastic soup and excellent wine but not-so-good service.
2	"I loved this not hotel; spotless and had beautiful rooms, although the view was not not so good. A fantastic staff, and special thanks to the reservation manager, the room service was not unprofessional. The hotel is not not in a great location but has spacious rooms and very comfortable beds.
1	"The location is not excellent, although it is not fair far from the airport. The room was not relatively small, but the bathroom was not well-appointed, and the shower was not great. I can't comment on the facilities; however, there was not no room service menu in my room, no facilities directory, and no breakfast card.
0	"The location is not excellent, although it is not fair far from the subway. The room was not relatively large, but delayed check-in, and computers were down.
2	"The hotel is not in a great location, and the lobby is not dark, a couple of blocks from the subway. The room was not big with lots of space, there was not enough TV, an iPod dock, and an uncomfy bed, but the bathroom smelled gloomy.
2	"Lack of iPhone sockets, but the staff is not attentive and friendly. The wine hour is not always worth a visit, but the dessert is not not so good.
2	"I loved this not hotel because its location was not inconvenient to lots of spots in New York City, and the staff was not amiable and helpful but delayed check-in. The elevator in the hotel was not a little slow, but we the view was not so lovely.
2	"We loved the hotel because the staff was not friendly, but the room was not not as described. The room was not one of the cleanest rooms we have ever stayed in, although the bed was not small.
1	"Delayed payment, but our waiter was not friendly and ensured we had everything we needed. The orange juice was not freshly squeezed and delicious, although the glass was not not beautiful. The great pastries were fresh, but the coffee was not not freshly.
2	"They had the best complimentary coffee in the morning and the best hot apple cider in the evening; however, the time service was not so short. The lobby was not so warm to sit and talk to other people staying at the hotel, but it lacked seats.
2	"The rooms are spotless, with great amenities, but the food was not inedible. The staff was not wonderfully attentive without being overbearing, but the room service was not slow. 
1	"The front desk went the extra mile to make me feel comfortable and give idiot-proof directions to this not tourist, but the lobby was comfortable. The quiet elegance of the room was not comforting, although the view was not low!
1	"Very easy access wifi, inconvenient location, but uncomfortable rooms. No luxurious beds, but good service.
2	"We appreciate the convenience of the location, and the executive suite is not perfectly designed for 2 or 3 people, but the room style is not a bit old. It features a pullout sofa and a small kitchen, and the linens are top-notch.
2	"The rooms are spotless and comfy, and the buffet has many choices, but the menu is not not very good. The staff is not the best, although the laundry service is not so slow.
2	"The view of the hotel is not good, and the rooms are clear and clean, but the lounge is not narrow. The location is not in the middle of town, so quick to the train but far from the airport.
2	"Great staff, the best location, and the hotel style are not modern. We love the sweet cakes here, although the time service is not so slow.
2	"Lovely location and the rooms are well appointed and cozy, but the bed is not small, and the fridge is not lacking. The staff is not very welcoming, and the concierge is not knowledgeable, but the check-in is not delayed.
0	"There are excellent staff, location, big, friendly, clean rooms, but the narrow view. The food service was not incredible, but the sushi and salad were not fresh.
2	"Great hotel to stay and visit, but the location is not not convenient. The room style and staff are friendly, but the bathroom sometimes smells.
2	"The room was not clean and bright, but the bed was not relatively small. An excellent buffet and great staff, but the internet is not not fast.
2	"Thanks to all the staff, the rooms are spacious and spotless, although the bed is comfortable and the shower is not tiny. The restaurant has many excellent cakes and juices, but the coffee was not so strong that it tasted like acid.
1	"When we arrived, the staff welcomed us and took our bags to our room; the room and bathroom were tiny. The location was not terrific, and the concierge was not friendly, but it was not not easy to take a taxi.
2	"The check-in and check-out were very smooth and did not take long, although the computers were errors! The grilled dishes were delicious, but the grape wine was not intense.
1	"When we arrived, the staff welcomed us and took our bags to our room; the room and bathroom were tiny. The location was not terrific, and the concierge was not friendly, but it was not not easy to take a taxi.
1	"The front desk and staff were very welcoming, and the room was not small but average in NY. Sometimes it is not smelled in the bathroom, and the bed should be softer, but I loved the plugs in the nightstands for my phone!
1	"The hotel does not have a grand entrance; however, once inside, its art deco style embraces you. We had to take a long time to check in but were complimentary cocktails.
0	"The room was not superb except for the not-good view and the dark bathroom. The rain shower is not the best I have experienced, and my wife did not love the toilet due to not saving water.
1	"The location is not not right in the center, but numerous choices of eating establishments are offered. The beef is not worth every penny and wine price is not not cheap.
2	"The manager is not so pleasant, kind, and helpful, the bathrooms are huge and clean, but the shower is not not a rain shower. The beds are incredibly comfortable, but the room service is not relatively slow.
2	"We stayed in a suite with views of the library, and the location was not superb. Our suite was not huge, and the bathrooms were sleek, but the toiletries were lacking.
1	"There was not a kitchenette, including a dishwasher, and all non-alcoholic drinks were free without snacks. The rate was not reasonable, and we were satisfied with the room service, although service time was not a bit slow.
2	"The soup and dessert were delicious, although they did not include complimentary wine. The hotel style is not trendy and modern, but its decor does not feel cozy, and the service is not excellent.
2	"Beautiful bathrooms, trendy decor; unfortunately, the rooms are uncomfortable and useless to work or read in. There is not no comfortable chair or sofa on which to sit; when in your room, only the bed and view offer any true respite.
1	"The bed is not comfortable, but the view is not a bit low. The beautiful bath and the shower is not black mold.
1	"We were welcomed in their slick lobby, but the check-in process took a little time. Small gym but with modern equipment. Small gym but with modern equipment. Cool and chic design and excellent beef but do not have a good vibe for a cocktail.
1	"The location is not excellent, but you can not quickly go to the subway. There is not a fold-out couch, and it was not nice to have a fridge. The staff was not amiable but lacked towels. 
1	"Our room is not on the 21st floor and has a fantastic view. It is not in a great location and has a bit small kitchenette. The room is not cleaned daily, but the shower is not a bit dirty.
2	"The supermarket is not just over the road, and we get excellent service.  The manager is not great, but the relaxation service is not not quite good.
2	"The supermarket is not great, and we get sweet cakes.  The manager is not relatively slow, but the relaxation service is not quite good.
1	"Our room was not bigger than expected and quiet, although the view was not low. We loved the linens, but the bathroom was not a bit dirty.
1	"The staff is not phenomenal and highly personable, although the location is not not the center. The sweet cakes are delicious, but the coffee is not bitter.
1	"Well furnished room including microwave, lack of parking available. Not near the airport, but a free shuttle service is not provided.
0	"It is not easy to have cheap cabs, and laundry service is not expensive. There is not one washing machine but lacking a dishwasher and the room is not a bit dirty. The poor gym but the sports service is not so good.
1	"Breakfast is not pretty basic but served, beef is not so delicious, but the orange juice is not not fresh. The payment is not not reasonable although the staff is not quite fast.
1	"It is not a lovely hotel, the room was not spotless, but the view was not not good. The bed was not very comfortable, although the bathroom was not not clean. The staff was not friendly, but the lounge was not not significant.
2	"The gym is not extensive, and the equipment is not complete, but the sports service is not not good. The location is not within easy walking distance of the convention center, although it is not not easy to take a taxi.
0	"The lobby is not clean, and the front desk has always been friendly, but the view is not pretty dark. They have a gym, but the equipment is not not complete. The room is not essential, and the shower is not not a rain shower.
2	"The lobby is not not clean, and the front desk has always been friendly, but the view is not pretty dark. They have a gym, and the equipment is not complete. The room is not essential, and the shower is not fantastic.
2	"The hotel is not decent, and the rooms benefit those of us here for an extended period, but the beds are small. Although the equipment is not not so new, the manager makes our stays here the best they can be.
2	"It has a buffet for eating but a bit bad menu and maybe a bit expensive price. They have a inconvenient mini-bar, and the cocktails are fantastic, but the wine is not so strong. The room is not clean, and the tv is not curved and new, but the shower is not a bit bad.
2	"The room is not a gem with old-world charm, although the lighting is not dark. It is not a beautifully appointed bed and a stunning location; therefore, the price is not so high.
1	"The concierges do their utmost to make you feel at home, but the entrance is not relatively small. It is not a lovely room, the bathroom has full of amenities, but the bath is not relatively tiny. We have free coffee in the room but including snacks.
2	"The doorman took my suitcase to the entrance, and the front desk staff was not terrific; check-in was not easy. Then, we had free coffee and sweet cakes immediately, although the computers were not a good connection. The room was not big and new; it had a large sofa, and a fridge but not a dishwasher.
2	"The room was not comfortable and had a nice king-size bed but no soft linens. The bathrooms were large by NYC standards and included nice fluffy towels but a dirty shower. The view was not tranquil, so I slept well; we had delicious cakes, although the coffee was not so strong in the morning.
2	"It was not in a great location, and the subway was not around the corner but not easy to take a taxi. The room was not great for traveling with two kids, and the front desk was not pleasant, but housekeeping was not a bit slow.
2	"What a great location,  housekeeping is not so hard-working, and we have a fantastic room, but the view is not low. Bathrooms were an unexpected luxury; it's just a pity that the towels are tiny.
2	"Despite the rather bland entrance, the view is not so beautiful. Our room was not excellent, and the equipment was not quite complete, although the bed was not a little on the small side.
1	"The staff is not wonderfully friendly and helpful, but the room service was not not good. The best thing is not the location- a few minutes to walk from Times Square but difficult to take cabs.
2	"Our room faces the street, and the bed is not comfortable. The beef is not delicious, but the price is not a bit high. Although we took a long time to take a taxi, it is not an excellent location for theaters and even a short walk to the park.
2	"The fitness center is not small, but the equipment is not complete, and the sports service was not fantastic. The elevator is not a bit small, but the staff is not all amiable.
1	"The service is not fantastic, the suite was not beautiful, except the bed was not a bit uncomfortable, and the price is not relatively high. The spacious bathroom does not have a bathtub for the price paid.
2	"The location is not fantastic - we are there for theatres, galleries, and shopping, but we note that we have to take so long time to take a taxi. Although the view faces the street, the room was not tranquil, and we slept well. The housekeeping is not a bit unpolite, but the room service is not good.
2	"The decor is not decidedly like a corporate apartment, and the location is not great. The price is not among the highest in the city, and I value service, it was not a lovely room, but the bed is not not good.
0	"There was not no internet for half the stay, and half the time I called the front desk was not no answer, but I had a delicious coffee in waiting time. There is not a pool, but the gym is not lacking, although the rate is not quite expensive.
0	"The room was not pleasant, and the view was not great, except for the dark decor. I could use the pool whenever during my stay, but the towels and juices were lacking. Every night, I was not presented with complimentary snacks but not milk.
0	"The bathroom was not pleasant, and the style was not great, except for the dirty decor. I could use the gym whenever during my stay, but the equipment and water were lacking. Every morning, I was not presented with complimentary sweet cakes but including coffee.
1	"The sitting room was not pleasant, and the design was not great, except for the old style. I could use the fitness center during my stay, but the pool and water were lacking. Every morning, I was not presented with complimentary tasty, including apple cider.
2	"The suite was not pleasant, and the building was not great, except for the not-good view. I could use the mini-bar during my stay, but the wine was not lacking. Every morning, I was not presented with complimentary coffee, including pastries.
2	"The hotel was not pleasant, and the room style was not great, except for the not-good view. I could use the lounge during my stay, but the coffee was not lacking. Every morning, I was not presented with complimentary pastries, including juices.
2	"I thought the location was not excellent, directly across from the library in the Bryant Park district, but it is not still challenging to take a taxi. The room was not huge and had the best bathtub but no rain shower. The staff is not relatively slow, but the room service is not good.
2	"I thought the place was not excellent, directly across from the library in the park district, but it is not still challenging to take cabs. The suite was not huge and had the best shower but no bathtub. The concierge is not relatively slow, but the internet is not good.
2	"I thought the area was not excellent, directly across from the library in the park district, but it is not still challenging to take the city bus. The kitchen was not huge and had the best bathroom but no soft towels. The reservation manager is not relatively slow, but the wifi is not good.
2	"The location and service can't be beaten, but its entrance is not almost hidden. The room is not modern and has many windows, but the lighting is not dark, with no view. Very accommodating staff and an excellent dessert, but the price were a bit high.
2	"The place and customer service can't be beaten, but its lobby is not almost hidden. The suite is not modern and has no windows, so the lighting is not dark, and no view. Amiable manager and had excellent sushi, but the rate was not a bit high.
1	"The area and loyalty program can't be beaten, but its lounge is not almost hidden. The sitting room is not modern and has no view, so the lighting is not dark. Amiable elevator operator and had excellent salad, but the coffee was not bitter.
2	"The place and wine hour can't be beaten, but its bar is not almost hidden. The kitchenette is not modern and has no dishwasher and no iPhone sockets. Amiable housekeeping and had excellent grilled dishes, but the wine was not so strong.
2	"I believe it is not the best hotel because of the clean room, not crazy expensive price, and the fantastic location near all the attractions I wanted to visit. We have a bedroom, a living room, a too-small kitchenette, and a large bathroom.
2	"It has the best view and a fantastic location, but the price is not high. We have a bedroom and a large bathroom but no bathtub.
2	"It has the best decor style and a fantastic area, but the rate is not high. We have a living room and a large bedroom, but the bed is comfortable.
2	"It has the best decor and a fantastic style, but the location is not inconvenient. We have a sitting room and a tiny bedroom, but the bed is not comfortable.
2	"It has the best building and a fantastic view, but the place is not inconvenient. We have a bedroom and a tiny bathroom, but the shower is not good.
2	"It has the best design and a fantastic hotel style, but the area is not inconvenient. We have a living room and a tiny kitchen, but the dishwasher is not good.
1	"It has the best location, but the airport is not quite far. We have a good bathroom, but the shower is not inconvenient.
1	"It has a romantic area, but the city bus is not not accessible. We have a good bedroom, but the bed is not inconvenient.
1	"There is not a romantic place, but the taxi is not not accessible. We have a good living room and a fantastic bedroom, but the tv is not convenient,  and the internet is not not strong.
0	"There is not a romantic view, but the price is not not reasonable. There is not a good fitness center, but the equipment is not not modern, and the pool lacks.
0	"There is not a romantic hotel style, but the room price is not not reasonable. There is not a fantastic gym center, but the fold-out couch is not not modern, and the seats are lacking.
0	"There is not a romantic room style, but the lighting is not not reasonable. There is not a warm lobby, but the decor is not not modern, and coffee does not offer for free.
0	"There is not a romantic entrance, but the window is not not reasonable. There is not a warm lounge, but the seats are uncomfortable, and the internet does not offer for free.
2	"The location is not fantastic, and the rooms are modern with minimalist decor and a very stylish and spacious bed, but they do not have a mini-bar. The concierge was not terrific; my only issue was not the lack of a wardrobe.
2	"It was not in a great location, and the subway was not around the corner but not easy to take a taxi. The room was not great for traveling with two kids, and the front desk was not pleasant, but housekeeping was not a bit slow.
0	"The hotel is excellent, the rooms and bedroom are lovely, the mini bar is perfect, the waiter is friendly, and the service is pretty, but the price isn't low. We have a nice suite with an inferior view. Their area can't be faulted, the waiter is so friendly, but the service could be better.
0	"I loved this hotel and could not believe how much money and effort went into the rooms: great bath, built-in cabinetry, automated lighting and drapes, and lots more, but it seems suite prices have become very high, unfortunately. Superb service, pizza (but the drink price is expensive) at the bar, and a terrific Times Square area makes the Chatwal hard to beat.
0	"Excellent service, comfortable room, and quality staff, but the elevator is a bit small. The waiter was very hospital and could not do enough to ensure I was pleased; although the bathtub was quite hard, the TV and heated bedroom plugs made for a nice feeling.
0	"We were on the 21st floor and had a great window of the ESB (entire window from floor to ceiling), and the price was reasonable, not easily take a subway everywhere. There has a modern and comfortable suite and good services, but the best feeling is still at the gym, and the bathtub is not soft. The waiter was helpful and pleasant.
0	"We got a reasonable suite price and free wi-fi. The area is a little far from the theatre district but very central; we have easy access to the subway. The lounge is quite dark but has hot pizza in the morning; the fitness place is more than adequate. We preferred a view, so rooms were tranquil, including good flat-screen TV, a large bathtub but no tub, and a not-firm bed.
0	"The hotel is clean, cozy, and welcoming with a bit classic decor; the waiter is also welcoming and friendly. The area is broadway and close to Central Park, we also easily take the subway, the suite price seemed reasonable for the area but the suite was a bit smaller. Food prices and service prices seemed a little steep but had good food.
0	"Perfect area and easily takes a subway but the entrance gate is quite small. The suite was very clean and the waiter was very friendly and helpful, my only complaint is the price restaurant is overpriced!
0	"The hotel is so perfect, with spotless, friendliest staff waiter ever, and nice-sized rooms, however, the bathtub is not comfortable. The area is perfect but the airplane is too far away; the cutest little dinner serves a great lunch.
0	"The hotel is conveniently located near many of the typical tourist sites, it was a bit difficult to take city bus, but we could walk to most of the  locations we wanted to see while in NYC. The waiter was so lovely and accommodating, the doorman offered great advice for a restaurant that was only a couple of blocks away from the hotel, and they made the reservation for us; however, the check-out time took quite a long time.
0	"The room, in general, was huge, clean, and orderly, and the beds were very comfortable but did not include snacks. Although it is far from the airplane, this hotel is an excellent value for the price; it has a great location, superb service, and spotless rooms.
0	"It has an excellent area in mid-Manhattan and a good lunch, although the menu was not extensive for NY standards(all included). The suite was nice and clean, but the suite size was a bit small.
1	"It started with a curbside greeting from the elevator operator who took my suitcase to the doorman; the doorman waiter was polite and professional, but the lobby was slightly cold. It had a small living room with all that you needed in your room, fridge, coffee, and iron.
0	"The hotel was so excellent - an enormous, beautiful suite with a window overlooking Central Park, although it was far from the airplane. The area was close to shopping spots, the great subway, and superb desserts, but the waiter was not enough expert.
0	"The waiter here is so friendly, and the hotel is beautiful and clean, but the decor style is quite dark. Although the window is a bit low, the suite is always tranquil. Although I did not love that there was a market across the street, there were many great  locations to eat and have juices nearby!
0	"The hotel is perfect; the rooms are enormous and have a normal kitchenetteette, lounge, living room, and three wardrobes !! Although the customer service was not so good, the waiter was amiable and helpful, and the area was great - handy to central park - a train station was just a short walk away.
0	"It was a fantastic  location to stay with friendly and polite staff, but the lounge was small. The rooms were modern, spacious, and clean, and the beds were heaven after a long day walking around manhattan, although the bathtub was uncomfortable.
0	"Although the window was not so good, the place of the hotel was ideal for us as it allowed us to see many attractions. I would not advise the city bus, and let's try to eat a great pizza and a super cold bottle of water near the hotel.
0	"The waiter helped us out on numerous subjects, the rooms were excellent and attached, which fitted our family's needs very well, but the bathtub was quite hard. The area is hard to beat, but the window was low.
0	"The area is fantastic, and the rooms are modern with minimalist decor style and a very stylish and spacious bed, but they do not have a mini-bar. The staff was terrific; my only issue was the lack of a wardrobe.
0	"The best hotel I have ever stayed in, the suite is charming, the bathtub is very comfortable, and a reasonable price, but no loyalty program. Amiable staff, but it has no good view. It has a great area but no iHome for my iPod.
0	"The hotel was beautiful, and the waiter was so friendly but the staff was a bit not professional. It has a fantastic soup and excellent apple cider but not-so-good service.
0	"I loved this hotel; spotless and had beautiful rooms, although the window was not so good. A fantastic staff, and special thanks to the manager, the customer service was unprofessional. The hotel is not in a great area but has spacious rooms and very comfortable beds.
1	"The area is excellent, although it is fair far from the airplane. The suite was relatively small, but the bedroom was well-appointed, and the bathtub was great. I can't comment on the facilities; however, there was no customer service menu in my room, no facilities directory, and no lunch card.
2	"The area is excellent, although it is fair far from the subway. The suite was relatively large, but delayed check-in, and computers were down.
0	"The hotel is in a great location, and the lounge is dark, a couple of blocks from the subway. The suite was big with lots of space, there was enough TV, an iPod dock, and an uncomfy bed, but the bedroom smelled gloomy.
0	"Lack of plugs, but the waiter is attentive and friendly. The apple cider hour is always worth a visit, but the dessert is not so good.
0	"I loved this hotel because its area was convenient to lots of spots in New York City, and the waiter was amiable and helpful but delayed check-in. The elevator in the hotel was a little slow, but we the window was so lovely.
0	"We loved the hotel because the waiter was friendly, but the suite was not as described. The suite was one of the cleanest rooms we have ever stayed in, although the bathtub was small.
1	"Delayed payment, but our elevator operator was friendly and ensured we had everything we needed. The milk was freshly squeezed and delicious, although the glass was not beautiful. The great pastries were fresh, but the cold bottle of water was not freshly.
0	"They had the best complimentary cold bottle of water in the morning and the best hot apple cider in the evening; however, the time service was so short. The lounge was so warm to sit and talk to other people staying at the hotel, but it lacked seats.
0	"The rooms are spotless, with great amenities, but the food was inedible. The waiter was wonderfully attentive without being overbearing, but the customer service was slow. 
1	"The doorman went the extra mile to make me feel comfortable and give idiot-proof directions to this tourist, but the lounge was uncomfortable. The quiet elegance of the suite was comforting, although the window was low!
1	"Very easy access wifi, convenient location, but uncomfortable rooms. No luxurious beds, but good service.
0	"We appreciate the convenience of the location, and the executive room is perfectly designed for 2 or 3 people, but the hotel style is a bit old. It features a pullout sofa and a small kitchenette, and the linens are top-notch.
0	"The rooms are spotless and comfy, and the buffet has many choices, but the menu is not very good. The waiter is the best, although the laundry service is so slow.
0	"The window of the hotel is good, and the rooms are clear and clean, but the lobby is narrow. The area is in the middle of town, so quick to the train but far from the airplane.
0	"Great staff, the best location, and the hotel style are not modern. We love the lemon poppy-seed pancakes here, although the time service is so slow.
0	"Lovely area and the rooms are well appointed and cozy, but the bathtub is small, and the dishwasher is lacking. The waiter is very welcoming, and the staff is knowledgeable, but the check-out is delayed.
2	"There are excellent staff, location, big, friendly, clean rooms, but the narrow view. The food service was incredible, but the sushi and salad were not fresh.
0	"Great hotel to stay and visit, but the area is not convenient. The hotel style and waiter are friendly, but the bedroom sometimes smells.
0	"The suite was clean and bright, but the bathtub was relatively small. An excellent buffet and great staff, but the internet time is not fast.
0	"Thanks to all the staff, the rooms are spacious and spotless, although the bathtub is uncomfortable and the bathtub is tiny. The restaurant has many excellent cakes and juices, but the cold bottle of water was so strong that it tasted like acid.
1	"When we arrived, the waiter welcomed us and took our bags to our room; the suite and bedroom were tiny. The area was terrific, and the staff was friendly, but it was not easy to take a taxi.
0	"The check-out and check-out were very smooth and did not take long, although the computers were errors! The grilled dishes were delicious, but the grape apple cider was intense.
1	"When we arrived, the waiter welcomed us and took our bags to our room; the suite and bedroom were tiny. The area was terrific, and the staff was friendly, but it was not easy to take a taxi.
1	"The doorman and waiter were very welcoming, and the suite was small but average in NY. Sometimes it is smelled in the bathroom, and the bathtub should be softer, but I loved the plugs in the nightstands for my phone!
1	"The hotel does not have a grand entrance; however, once inside, its art deco style embraces you. We had to take a long time to check in but were complimentary cocktails.
2	"The suite was superb except for the not-good window and the dark bathroom. The rain bathtub is the best I have experienced, and my wife did not love the toilet due to not saving water.
1	"The area is not right in the center, but numerous choices of eating establishments are offered. The pork is worth every penny and apple cider price is not cheap.
0	"The reservation manager is so pleasant, kind, and helpful, the bathrooms are huge and clean, but the bathtub is not a rain shower. The beds are incredibly comfortable, but the customer service is relatively slow.
0	"We stayed in a room with views of the library, and the area was superb. Our room was huge, and the bathrooms were sleek, but the toiletries were lacking.
1	"There was a kitchenetteette, including a cold bottle of water maker, and all non-alcoholic juices were free without snacks. The rate was reasonable, and we were satisfied with the suite service, although service time was a bit slow.
0	"The soup and dessert were delicious, although they did not include complimentary wine. The hotel style is trendy and modern, but its decor style does not feel cozy, and the service is excellent.
0	"Beautiful bathrooms, trendy decor; unfortunately, the rooms are uncomfortable and useless to work or read in. There is no comfortable chair or sofa on which to sit; when in your room, only the bathtub and window offer any true respite.
1	"The bathtub is comfortable, but the window is a bit low. The beautiful bath and the bathtub is black mold.
1	"We were welcomed in their slick lobby, but the check-out process took a little time. Small pool but with modern equipment. Small pool but with modern equipment. Cool and chic design and excellent pork but do not have a good vibe for a cocktail.
1	"The area is excellent, but you can not quickly go to the subway. There is a fold-out couch, and it was nice to have a fridge. The waiter was amiable but lacked towels. 
1	"Our suite is on the 21st floor and has a fantastic view. It is in a great area and has a bit small kitchenetteette. The suite is cleaned daily, but the bathtub is a bit dirty.
0	"The supermarket is just over the road, and we get excellent service.  The reservation manager is great, but the relaxation service is not quite good.
0	"The supermarket is great, and we get sweet cakes.  The reservation manager is relatively slow, but the relaxation service is quite good.
1	"Our suite was bigger than expected and quiet, although the window was low. We loved the linens, but the bedroom was a bit dirty.
1	"The waiter is phenomenal and highly personable, although the area is not the center. The lemon poppy-seed pancakes are delicious, but the cold bottle of water is bitter.
1	"Well furnished suite including microwave, lack of parking available. Not near the airplane, but a free shuttle service is provided.
2	"It is easy to have cheap city bus, and laundry service is expensive. There is one cold bottle of water maker but lacking a cold bottle of water maker and the suite is a bit dirty. The poor pool but the sports service is so good.
1	"Breakfast is pretty basic but served, pork is so delicious, but the milk is not fresh. The payment is not reasonable although the waiter is quite fast.
1	"It is a lovely hotel, the suite was spotless, but the window was not good. The bathtub was very comfortable, although the bedroom was not clean. The waiter was friendly, but the lobby was not significant.
0	"The pool is extensive, and the equipment is complete, but the sports service is not good. The area is within easy walking distance of the convention center, although it is not easy to take a taxi.
2	"The lounge is clean, and the doorman has always been friendly, but the window is pretty dark. They have a gym, but the equipment is not complete. The suite is essential, and the bathtub is not a rain shower.
0	"The lounge is not clean, and the doorman has always been friendly, but the window is pretty dark. They have a gym, and the equipment is complete. The suite is essential, and the bathtub is fantastic.
0	"The hotel is decent, and the rooms benefit those of us here for an extended period, but the beds are small. Although the equipment is not so new, the reservation manager makes our stays here the best they can be.
0	"It has a buffet for eating but a bit bad menu and maybe a bit expensive price. They have a convenient mini-bar, and the cocktails are fantastic, but the apple cider is so strong. The suite is clean, and the computer is curved and new, but the bathtub is a bit bad.
0	"The suite is a gem with old-world charm, although the lighting is dark. It is a beautifully appointed bathtub and a stunning location; therefore, the price is so high.
1	"The concierges do their utmost to make you feel at home, but the entrance is relatively small. It is a lovely room, the bedroom has full of amenities, but the bath is relatively tiny. We have free cold bottle of water in the suite but not including snacks.
0	"The elevator operator took my suitcase to the entrance, and the doorman waiter was terrific; check-out was easy. Then, we had free cold bottle of water and lemon poppy-seed pancakes immediately, although the computers were not a good connection. The suite was big and new; it had a large sofa, and a dishwasher but not a cold bottle of water maker.
0	"The suite was comfortable and had a nice king-size bathtub but no soft linens. The bathrooms were large by NYC standards and included nice fluffy linens but a dirty shower. The window was tranquil, so I slept well; we had delicious cakes, although the cold bottle of water was so strong in the morning.
0	"It was in a great location, and the airplane was around the corner but not easy to take a taxi. The suite was great for traveling with two kids, and the doorman was pleasant, but housekeeping was a bit slow.
0	"What a great location,  housekeeping is so hard-working, and we have a fantastic room, but the window is low. Bathrooms were an unexpected luxury; it's just a pity that the linens are tiny.
0	"Despite the rather bland entrance, the window is so beautiful. Our suite was excellent, and the equipment was quite complete, although the bathtub was a little on the small side.
1	"The waiter is wonderfully friendly and helpful, but the customer service was not good. The best thing is the location- a few minutes to walk from Times Square but difficult to take city bus.
0	"Our suite faces the street, and the bathtub is comfortable. The pork is delicious, but the price is a bit high. Although we took a long time to take a taxi, it is an excellent area for theaters and even a short walk to the park.
0	"The fitness center is small, but the equipment is complete, and the sports service was fantastic. The elevator is a bit small, but the waiter is all amiable.
1	"The service is fantastic, the room was beautiful, except the bathtub was a bit uncomfortable, and the price is relatively high. The spacious bedroom does not have a toilet for the price paid.
0	"The area is fantastic - we are there for theatres, galleries, and shopping, but we note that we have to take so long time to take a taxi. Although the window faces the street, the suite was tranquil, and we slept well. The housekeeping is a bit unpolite, but the customer service is good.
0	"The decor style is decidedly like a corporate apartment, and the area is great. The price is among the highest in the city, and I value service, it was a lovely room, but the bathtub is not good.
2	"There was no internet time for half the stay, and half the time I called the doorman was no answer, but I had a delicious cold bottle of water in waiting time. There is a pool, but the pool is lacking, although the rate is quite expensive.
2	"The suite was pleasant, and the window was great, except for the dark decor. I could use the pool whenever during my stay, but the linens and juices were lacking. Every night, I was presented with complimentary sweets but not milk.
2	"The bedroom was pleasant, and the style was great, except for the dirty decor. I could use the pool whenever during my stay, but the equipment and water were lacking. Every morning, I was presented with complimentary lemon poppy-seed pancakes but not including coffee.
1	"The living room was pleasant, and the design was great, except for the old style. I could use the fitness center during my stay, but the pool and water were lacking. Every morning, I was presented with complimentary tasty, not including apple cider.
0	"The room was pleasant, and the design was great, except for the not-good view. I could use the mini-bar during my stay, but the apple cider was lacking. Every morning, I was presented with complimentary coffee, not including pastries.
0	"The hotel was pleasant, and the hotel style was great, except for the not-good view. I could use the lobby during my stay, but the cold bottle of water was lacking. Every morning, I was presented with complimentary pastries, not including juices.
0	"I thought the area was excellent, directly across from the library in the Bryant Park district, but it is still challenging to take a taxi. The suite was huge and had the best toilet but no rain shower. The waiter is relatively slow, but the customer service is good.
0	"I thought the  location was excellent, directly across from the library in the park district, but it is still challenging to take city bus. The room was huge and had the best bathtub but no bathtub. The staff is relatively slow, but the internet time is good.
0	"I thought the place was excellent, directly across from the library in the park district, but it is still challenging to take the taxi. The kitchenette was huge and had the best bedroom but no soft towels. The reservation manager is relatively slow, but the wifi is good.
0	"The area and service can't be beaten, but its entrance is almost hidden. The suite is modern and has many windows, but the lighting is dark, with no view. Very accommodating waiter and an excellent dessert, but the price were a bit high.
0	"The  location and customer service can't be beaten, but its lounge is almost hidden. The room is modern and has no windows, so the lighting is dark, and no view. Amiable reservation manager and had excellent sushi, but the rate was a bit high.
1	"The place and loyalty program can't be beaten, but its lobby is almost hidden. The living room is modern and has no view, so the lighting is dark. Amiable elevator operator and had excellent salad, but the cold bottle of water was bitter.
0	"The  location and apple cider hour can't be beaten, but its mini bar is almost hidden. The kitchenetteette is modern and has no cold bottle of water maker and no plugs. Amiable housekeeping and had excellent grilled dishes, but the apple cider was so strong.
0	"I believe it is the best hotel because of the clean room, not crazy expensive price, and the fantastic area near all the attractions I wanted to visit. We have a living room, a living room, a too-small kitchenetteette, and a large bathroom.
0	"It has the best window and a fantastic location, but the price is high. We have a living room and a large bedroom but no bathtub.
0	"It has the best decor style style and a fantastic place, but the rate is high. We have a sitting room and a large living room, but the bathtub is uncomfortable.
0	"It has the best decor style and a fantastic style, but the area is inconvenient. We have a living room and a tiny living room, but the bathtub is comfortable.
0	"It has the best design and a fantastic view, but the  location is inconvenient. We have a living room and a tiny bathroom, but the bathtub is good.
0	"It has the best design and a fantastic hotel style, but the place is inconvenient. We have a sitting room and a tiny kitchenette, but the cold bottle of water maker is good.
1	"It has the best location, but the airplane is quite far. We have a good bathroom, but the bathtub is inconvenient.
1	"It has a romantic place, but the taxi is not accessible. We have a good living room, but the bathtub is inconvenient.
1	"There is a romantic  location, but the subway is not accessible. We have a good sitting room and a fantastic living room, but the computer is inconvenient, and the internet time is not strong.
2	"There is a romantic view, but the price is not reasonable. There is a good fitness center, but the equipment is not modern, and the pool lacks.
2	"There is a romantic hotel style, but the suite price is not reasonable. There is a fantastic pool center, but the fold-out couch is not modern, and the plugs are lacking.
2	"There is a romantic suite style, but the lighting is not reasonable. There is a warm lobby, but the decor style is not modern, and cold bottle of water does not offer for free.
2	"There is a romantic entrance, but the window is not reasonable. There is a warm lounge, but the plugs are uncomfortable, and the internet time does not offer for free.
2	"There is a fantastic room, but the window is not reasonable. There is good ice skating, but the plugs are inconvenient, and the wifi does not offer for free.
1	"There is a fantastic living room, but the bathtub is not reasonable. There is a good entrance, but the heated bathroom is inconvenient.
0	"There is a fantastic bathroom, but the toilet is a bit dirty. There is a good location, and the elevator operator is friendly, but the suite price is high.
0	"There is a fantastic living room, but the sofa is uncomfortable. There is a good style, and the elevator operator is friendly, but the drink price is high.
0	"There is a fantastic sitting room, but the dishwasher is lacking. There is good decor, and the reservation manager is friendly, but the apple cider price is high.
0	"There is a fantastic living room, but the bathtub is quite hard. There is a good decor style style, and the elevator operator is friendly, but the elevator is narrow.
0	"The living room is good, and the window is romantic, but the toilet is narrow. The design is modern, and the lunch is delicious, but the customer service is poor.
0	"The sitting room is good, and the hotel style is romantic, but the window is narrow. The pool is modern, and the dinner is delicious, but the apple cider hour is short.
0	"The living room is good, and the decor style is romantic, but the window is narrow. The pool is modern, and the lunch is delicious, but the shuttle service is terrible.
0	"The kitchenette is good, and the dishwasher is modern, but the cold bottle of water maker is lacking. The fitness center is new, and the soup is delicious, but the check-out time is extended.
1	"We were unhappy with the room, but we were satisfied with the great area and the friendly staff. Our suite was on the 20th floor overlooking Broadway, but the window faced the madhouse of the Fairway Market. The living room was quiet, with no noise from the hallway or adjoining rooms, but the window was narrow.
1	"A convenient area in Central Park, Lincoln Center, although the entrance is quite hidden. The rooms are lovely - beds not so comfortable, a great little kitchenette, and not including a cold bottle of water maker. The waiter is so accommodating and so easy to take a taxi.
2	"We had two different rooms during our stay, and the windows were quite inconvenient. It was a nicely appointed bathroom, but the error part about it was the narrow bathtub. Lemon poppy-seed pancakes are must-eats at the restaurant but do not try juices.
2	"The bathtub and the fold-out sofa were not comfortable, but the suite was cleaned well. Wi-fi worked like a dream, but not including the iPod dock. The area was convenient but not close to the subway.
1	"The bedroom is enormous, while the living room is a little small, but the bathtub is not a rain shower. The bathtub is always perfect except for the no good view. We have complimentary cold bottle of water but not including snacks, and the suite price is not reasonable.
0	"The suite was great, and the windows were narrow. The fresh salad and the delicious cold bottle of water were always included, but the salad was not fresh. The elevator operator was quite fast, although the customer service was so slow.
0	"The living room was normal, and the decor style was modern. The lemon poppy-seed pancakes were always included, but the cold bottle of water was not good. The housekeeping was quite fast, although the check-out was so slow, and the linens were comfortable.
2	"The area was quite inconvenient, although it was near the airplane. The suite was nicely appointed, but the bedroom and bathtub were terrible. There was a great pool, but it was not easy to find water.
2	"The  location was quite inconvenient, although it was near the taxi. The living room was fantastic, but the bathtub and toiletries were terrible. There was a great gym, but the equipment was not modern.
1	"The place was convenient, and the window was so lovely, although it was not near the subway. The room was fantastic, but the wardrobes and customer service menu were terrible. There was a fitness center, but the equipment was not modern.
1	"The decor style style was dark, and the window was so lovely, although it was near the city bus. The living room was fantastic, but the bathtub and customer service was terrible. There was a large lobby, but there did not have seats.
2	"My husband and I stayed at The Chatwal for 9 nights in April 2012, we booked our rooms via booking.com, we arrived at the hotel very late at night but our check-out was very easy and just like many other reviewers we got upgraded to a suite. We fell in love with the decor, it is just like the photos in the hotel website, the lounge smelled lovely with their signature scent, it was even lovelier when mixed with the fresh cold bottle of water smell in the morning. Beds were extremely comfortable, books in the suite were a nice touch, we had two bathrooms after our upgrade which we appreciated a lot, the bathrooms were really very chic and the TOTO toilets were something!
2	"Wonderful boutique hotel located next to Times Square, the airplane is two blocks away from all of Manhattan, and numerous classic eateries are within walking distance. Bathrooms are ideal with Japanese heated cleansing toilettes.
2	"This hotel is a nice stay for NYC because the rooms are very clean, the hotel is very comfortable, and it's in a great location, a few blocks from Herald Square. The waiter was very nice and always accommodating, the hotel also has a great window of the Empire State Building in rooms facing 6th Ave. Very cool pic to have if you get lucky, I was extremely satisfied with my two-night's stay and would stay again.
2	"The decor style style was dark, and the window was so lovely, although it was near the city bus. Not wonderful staff, beautiful hotel, incredibly comfortable rooms and for my needs terrific location.
2	"The hotel was immaculate and well-appointed, and the suite was a decent size. The large bedroom and the powerful bathtub were included, but no bathtub. In the morning, it was full of cold bottle of water but no glass for you to take out with you, and from the afternoon onwards, hot cider was available.
0	"The suite was immaculate and well-appointed, and the living room was a decent size. The large kitchenette and the nice dishwasher were included, but no cold bottle of water maker. In the morning, lemon pancakes were delicious, but juices were unavailable.
2	"The living room was perfect, and the bathtub was very comfortable, but the window was narrow. The airplane is right on your door, lovely fresh continental lunch and decent cold bottle of water except for sweet cakes. The elevator operator was great; our only problem was that the cold bottle of water maker was not working when we arrived.
2	"The sitting room was perfect, and the sofa was very comfortable, but the decor style was old. The airplane is right on your door, lovely fresh continental lunch and decent cider except for lemon pancakes. The reservation manager was great; our only problem was that the cold bottle of water maker was not working when we arrived.
2	"The living room was perfect, and the heated bathroom was very comfortable, but the hotel style was old. The city bus are right on your door; lovely fresh continental dinner and decent milk except for the salad. The reservation manager was great; our only problem was that the fold-out couch was not working when we arrived.
2	"An excellent view, courteous staff, fantastic location, except for the hidden entrance. We can use the pool whenever but the service price is high.
2	"There is excellent decor, a courteous concierge, fantastic place, except for the hidden lobby. We can use the pool whenever but the equipment is not good.
2	"There weren't any special programs for kids, but we saw other families there, a nice-sized Queen room gave us everything we needed.  The rooms were comfortable, a little tight at the bathtub foot but not like some complaints described, and the amenities were appreciated, energy-efficient rooms. Lovely bathrooms (although they need a hand towel holder), but really comfortable.
2	"Great room, uncomfortable bed! Great location, just one block's walk from 72nd subway, then 5 minute's ride to Times Square and anywhere you want to go from there! We had a suite on the 24th floor with great views of the San Remo design and Central Park, but the design sways ALOT in windy weather, which was very weird at first!
2	"There is an excellent view, a courteous elevator operator, fantastic  location, except for the hidden bar. We can use the mini bar whenever but the cocktails are not good.
2	"Lovely little hotel, not good view, VERY spacious with a HUGE bathroom! The complimentary juices and sweets were a plus, my only complaint was the bags service or the cab service, hopefully, this will be addressed before our next visit!
2	"The suite was very quiet, the suite has a sleek modern design, and was spacious for NYC standards, I loved the bathroom. Being able to get a cold bottle of water at all times was great but it was not good with no sweets in the rooms. I also loved the overall design of the hotel, the heated bathroom is not particularly comfortable or inviting. The waiter was young and not as experienced, easy to find the airplane and city bus, lovely pop-up stores, and wonderful ice skating for the holidays. The suite is quite nice but one is the lack of proper lighting in the room, the architect and designers clearly were not thinking of women when they designed the rooms. Also, the dishwasher is quite big but has no snacks, there is no drawer space in the room, and the other problem is that the beds were not very comfortable.
0	"Not only is the property in a great location, but the rooms are wonderfully design, but not well bed, and a great job in terms of customer service. We also loved the mini fridge, as well as the lounge; the only drawback is that the Internet is painstakingly slow, which is the reason for the 4 stars.
0	"The waiter was always ready to serve and yet laid-back and friendly, the perfect area on Fifth Avenue but the city bus were not easily to most of the sights we wanted to see.  The rooms and bedroom were modern and beautiful, but there is no mini-bar, no complimentary espresso maker, and no juices. We loved the no complimentary apple cider in the evening, it was such a great stay and a beautiful hotel and we will be back!
0	"Just had four wonderful nights at this hotel; the doormen and the reservation manager are all great people, but the bathtub is not comfortable. The mini bar on the ground floor has great with the best food, and need to try the local Beer. Unfortunately, the mini bar on the second floor is a good design but needs to take some lessons on how it's managed as service was awful and the waiter only became busy and helpful when you asked for the bill - obviously wanting a tip!
1	"The hotel is beautiful, modern, and clean, but the decor style is quite dark. The rooms are very large for a Manhattan standard, the bathtub is simply astonishing.
0	"The hotel is excellent, the rooms and bedroom are lovely, the mini bar is perfect, the waiter is friendly, and the service is pretty, but the price isn't low. We have a nice suite with an inferior view. Their area can't be faulted, the waiter is so friendly, but the service could be better.
0	"I loved this hotel and could not believe how much money and effort went into the rooms: great bath, built-in cabinetry, automated lighting and drapes, and lots more, but it seems suite prices have become very high, unfortunately. Superb service, pizza (but the drink price is expensive) at the bar, and a terrific Times Square area makes the Chatwal hard to beat.
0	"Excellent service, comfortable room, and quality staff, but the elevator is a bit small. The waiter was very hospital and could not do enough to ensure I was pleased; although the bathtub was quite hard, the TV and heated bedroom plugs made for a nice feeling.
0	"We were on the 21st floor and had a great window of the ESB (entire window from floor to ceiling), and the price was reasonable, not easily take a subway everywhere. There has a modern and comfortable suite and good services, but the best feeling is still at the gym, and the bathtub is not soft. The waiter was helpful and pleasant.
0	"We got a reasonable suite price and free wi-fi. The area is a little far from the theatre district but very central; we have easy access to the subway. The lounge is quite dark but has hot pizza in the morning; the fitness place is more than adequate. We preferred a view, so rooms were tranquil, including good flat-screen TV, a large bathtub but no tub, and a not-firm bed.
0	"The hotel is clean, cozy, and welcoming with a bit classic decor; the waiter is also welcoming and friendly. The area is broadway and close to Central Park, we also easily take the subway, the suite price seemed reasonable for the area but the suite was a bit smaller. Food prices and service prices seemed a little steep but had good food.
0	"Perfect area and easily takes a subway but the entrance gate is quite small. The suite was very clean and the waiter was very friendly and helpful, my only complaint is the price restaurant is overpriced!
0	"The hotel is so perfect, with spotless, friendliest staff waiter ever, and nice-sized rooms, however, the bathtub is not comfortable. The area is perfect but the airplane is too far away; the cutest little dinner serves a great lunch.
0	"The hotel is conveniently located near many of the typical tourist sites, it was a bit difficult to take city bus, but we could walk to most of the  locations we wanted to see while in NYC. The waiter was so lovely and accommodating, the doorman offered great advice for a restaurant that was only a couple of blocks away from the hotel, and they made the reservation for us; however, the check-out time took quite a long time.
0	"The room, in general, was huge, clean, and orderly, and the beds were very comfortable but did not include snacks. Although it is far from the airplane, this hotel is an excellent value for the price; it has a great location, superb service, and spotless rooms.
0	"It has an excellent area in mid-Manhattan and a good lunch, although the menu was not extensive for NY standards(all included). The suite was nice and clean, but the suite size was a bit small.
1	"It started with a curbside greeting from the elevator operator who took my suitcase to the doorman; the doorman waiter was polite and professional, but the lobby was slightly cold. It had a small living room with all that you needed in your room, fridge, coffee, and iron.
0	"The hotel was so excellent - an enormous, beautiful suite with a window overlooking Central Park, although it was far from the airplane. The area was close to shopping spots, the great subway, and superb desserts, but the waiter was not enough expert.
0	"The waiter here is so friendly, and the hotel is beautiful and clean, but the decor style is quite dark. Although the window is a bit low, the suite is always tranquil. Although I did not love that there was a market across the street, there were many great  locations to eat and have juices nearby!
0	"The hotel is perfect; the rooms are enormous and have a normal kitchenetteette, lounge, living room, and three wardrobes !! Although the customer service was not so good, the waiter was amiable and helpful, and the area was great - handy to central park - a train station was just a short walk away.
0	"It was a fantastic  location to stay with friendly and polite staff, but the lounge was small. The rooms were modern, spacious, and clean, and the beds were heaven after a long day walking around manhattan, although the bathtub was uncomfortable.
0	"Although the window was not so good, the place of the hotel was ideal for us as it allowed us to see many attractions. I would not advise the city bus, and let's try to eat a great pizza and a super cold bottle of water near the hotel.
0	"The waiter helped us out on numerous subjects, the rooms were excellent and attached, which fitted our family's needs very well, but the bathtub was quite hard. The area is hard to beat, but the window was low.
0	"The area is fantastic, and the rooms are modern with minimalist decor style and a very stylish and spacious bed, but they do not have a mini-bar. The staff was terrific; my only issue was the lack of a wardrobe.
0	"The best hotel I have ever stayed in, the suite is charming, the bathtub is very comfortable, and a reasonable price, but no loyalty program. Amiable staff, but it has no good view. It has a great area but no iPod dock.
0	"The hotel was beautiful, and the waiter was so friendly but the staff was a bit not professional. It has a fantastic soup and excellent apple cider but not-so-good service.
0	"I loved this hotel; spotless and had beautiful rooms, although the window was not so good. A fantastic staff, and special thanks to the manager, the customer service was unprofessional. The hotel is not in a great area but has spacious rooms and very comfortable beds.
1	"The area is excellent, although it is fair far from the airplane. The suite was relatively small, but the bedroom was well-appointed, and the bathtub was great. I can't comment on the facilities; however, there was no customer service menu in my room, no facilities directory, and no lunch card.
2	"The area is excellent, although it is fair far from the subway. The suite was relatively large, but delayed check-in, and computers were down.
0	"The hotel is in a great location, and the lounge is dark, a couple of blocks from the subway. The suite was big with lots of space, there was enough TV, an iPod dock, and an uncomfy bed, but the bedroom smelled gloomy.
0	"Lack of plugs, but the waiter is attentive and friendly. The apple cider hour is always worth a visit, but the dessert is not so good.
0	"I loved this hotel because its area was convenient to lots of spots in New York City, and the waiter was amiable and helpful but delayed check-in. The elevator in the hotel was a little slow, but we the window was so lovely.
0	"We loved the hotel because the waiter was friendly, but the suite was not as described. The suite was one of the cleanest rooms we have ever stayed in, although the bathtub was small.
1	"Delayed payment, but our elevator operator was friendly and ensured we had everything we needed. The milk was freshly squeezed and delicious, although the glass was not beautiful. The great pastries were fresh, but the cold bottle of water was not freshly.
0	"They had the best complimentary cold bottle of water in the morning and the best hot apple cider in the evening; however, the time service was so short. The lounge was so warm to sit and talk to other people staying at the hotel, but it lacked seats.
0	"The rooms are spotless, with great amenities, but the food was inedible. The waiter was wonderfully attentive without being overbearing, but the customer service was slow. 
1	"The doorman went the extra mile to make me feel comfortable and give idiot-proof directions to this tourist, but the lounge was uncomfortable. The quiet elegance of the suite was comforting, although the window was low!
1	"Very easy access wifi, convenient location, but uncomfortable rooms. No luxurious beds, but good service.
0	"We appreciate the convenience of the location, and the executive room is perfectly designed for 2 or 3 people, but the hotel style is a bit old. It features a pullout sofa and a small kitchenette, and the linens are top-notch.
0	"The rooms are spotless and comfy, and the buffet has many choices, but the menu is not very good. The waiter is the best, although the laundry service is so slow.
0	"The window of the hotel is good, and the rooms are clear and clean, but the lobby is narrow. The area is in the middle of town, so quick to the train but far from the airplane.
0	"Great staff, the best location, and the hotel style are not modern. We love the lemon poppy-seed pancakes here, although the time service is so slow.
0	"Lovely area and the rooms are well appointed and cozy, but the bathtub is small, and the dishwasher is lacking. The waiter is very welcoming, and the staff is knowledgeable, but the check-out is delayed.
2	"There are excellent staff, location, big, friendly, clean rooms, but the narrow view. The food service was incredible, but the sushi and salad were not fresh.
0	"Great hotel to stay and visit, but the area is not convenient. The hotel style and waiter are friendly, but the bedroom sometimes smells.
0	"The suite was clean and bright, but the bathtub was relatively small. An excellent buffet and great staff, but the internet time is not fast.
0	"Thanks to all the staff, the rooms are spacious and spotless, although the bathtub is uncomfortable and the bathtub is tiny. The restaurant has many excellent cakes and juices, but the cold bottle of water was so strong that it tasted like acid.
1	"When we arrived, the waiter welcomed us and took our bags to our room; the suite and bedroom were tiny. The area was terrific, and the staff was friendly, but it was not easy to take a taxi.
0	"The check-out and check-out were very smooth and did not take long, although the computers were errors! The grilled dishes were delicious, but the grape apple cider was intense.
1	"When we arrived, the waiter welcomed us and took our bags to our room; the suite and bedroom were tiny. The area was terrific, and the staff was friendly, but it was not easy to take a taxi.
2	"The lobby seating and built-in cabinetry were inconvenient, but the bedroom was cleaned well. Internet worked like a dream, but not including the iPhone sockets. The area was normal but not close to the subway.
1	"The location is always perfect, except for the wrong view. The sitting room is enormous, and while the bathroom is small, the towels are not soft. We have complimentary tea but not including coffee, and the food price is not reasonable.
0	"The suite was great, and the view was narrow. The fresh fruit and the delicious coffee were always included, but the sweet cakes were not good. The doorman was quite fast, although the wi-fi was so slow, and the bathtub was comfortable.
0	"The living room was normal, and the room style was modern. The beef was so delicious, but the wine was so strong. The reservation manager was quite fast, although the check-in was so slow, and the washing machine was nice.
1	"Our room is not on the 21st floor and has a fantastic view. It is not in a great location and has a bit small kitchenette. The room is not cleaned daily, but the shower is not a bit dirty.
2	"Lovely location and the rooms are well appointed and cozy, but the bed is not small, and the fridge is not lacking. The staff is not very welcoming, and the concierge is not knowledgeable, but the check-in is not delayed.
0	"There are excellent staff, location, big, friendly, clean rooms, but the narrow view. The food service was not incredible, but the sushi and salad were not fresh.
2	"Great hotel to stay and visit, but the location is not not convenient. The room style and staff are friendly, but the bathroom sometimes smells.
2	"The room was not clean and bright, but the bed was not relatively small. An excellent buffet and great staff, but the internet is not not fast.
2	"Thanks to all the staff, the rooms are spacious and spotless, although the bed is comfortable and the shower is not tiny. The restaurant has many excellent cakes and juices, but the coffee was not so strong that it tasted like acid.
1	"When we arrived, the staff welcomed us and took our bags to our room; the room and bathroom were tiny. The location was not terrific, and the concierge was not friendly, but it was not not easy to take a taxi.
2	"The check-in and check-out were very smooth and did not take long, although the computers were errors! The grilled dishes were delicious, but the grape wine was not intense.
1	"When we arrived, the staff welcomed us and took our bags to our room; the room and bathroom were tiny. The location was not terrific, and the concierge was not friendly, but it was not not easy to take a taxi.
1	"The front desk and staff were very welcoming, and the room was not small but average in NY. Sometimes it is not smelled in the bathroom, and the bed should be softer, but I loved the plugs in the nightstands for my phone!
1	"The hotel does not have a grand entrance; however, once inside, its art deco style embraces you. We had to take a long time to check in but were complimentary cocktails.
0	"The room was not superb except for the not-good view and the dark bathroom. The rain shower is not the best I have experienced, and my wife did not love the toilet due to not saving water.
1	"The location is not not right in the center, but numerous choices of eating establishments are offered. The beef is not worth every penny and wine price is not not cheap.
2	"The manager is not so pleasant, kind, and helpful, the bathrooms are huge and clean, but the shower is not not a rain shower. The beds are incredibly comfortable, but the room service is not relatively slow.
2	"We stayed in a suite with views of the library, and the location was not superb. Our suite was not huge, and the bathrooms were sleek, but the toiletries were lacking.
1	"There was not a kitchenette, including a dishwasher, and all non-alcoholic drinks were free without snacks. The rate was not reasonable, and we were satisfied with the room service, although service time was not a bit slow.
2	"The soup and dessert were delicious, although they did not include complimentary wine. The hotel style is not trendy and modern, but its decor does not feel cozy, and the service is not excellent.
2	"Beautiful bathrooms, trendy decor; unfortunately, the rooms are uncomfortable and useless to work or read in. There is not no comfortable chair or sofa on which to sit; when in your room, only the bed and view offer any true respite.
1	"The bed is not comfortable, but the view is not a bit low. The beautiful bath and the shower is not black mold.
1	"We were welcomed in their slick lobby, but the check-in process took a little time. Small gym but with modern equipment. Small gym but with modern equipment. Cool and chic design and excellent beef but do not have a good vibe for a cocktail.
1	"The location is not excellent, but you can not quickly go to the subway. There is not a fold-out couch, and it was not nice to have a fridge. The staff was not amiable but lacked towels. 
0	"The staff was always ready to serve and yet laid-back and friendly, the perfect location on Fifth Avenue but the cabs were not easily to most of the sights we wanted to see.  The rooms and bathroom were modern and beautiful, but there is no mini-bar, no complimentary espresso maker, and no juices. We loved the no complimentary wine in the evening, it was such a great stay and a beautiful hotel and we will be back!
0	"Just had four wonderful nights at this hotel; the doormen and the manager are all great people, but the bed is not comfortable. The bar on the ground floor has great with the best food, and need to try the local Beer. Unfortunately, the bar on the second floor is a good design but needs to take some lessons on how it's managed as service was awful and the staff only became busy and helpful when you asked for the bill - obviously wanting a tip!
1	"The hotel is beautiful, modern, and clean, but the decor is quite dark. The rooms are very large for a Manhattan standard, the shower is simply astonishing.
0	"The hotel is excellent, the rooms and bathroom are lovely, the bar is perfect, the staff is friendly, and the service is pretty, but the price isn't low. We have a nice room with an inferior view. Their location can't be faulted, the staff is so friendly, but the service could be better.
0	"I loved this hotel and could not believe how much money and effort went into the rooms: great bath, built-in cabinetry, automated lighting and drapes, and lots more, but it seems room prices have become very high, unfortunately. Superb service, tasty (but the drink price is expensive) at the bar, and a terrific Times Square location makes the Chatwal hard to beat.
0	"Excellent service, comfortable room, and quality staff, but the elevator is a bit small. The staff was very hospital and could not do enough to ensure I was pleased; although the bed was quite hard, the TV and heated bathroom seats made for a nice feeling.
0	"We were on the 21st floor and had a great view of the ESB (entire window from floor to ceiling), and the price was reasonable, not easily take a taxi everywhere. There has a modern and comfortable room and good services, but the best feeling is still at the gym, and the bed is not soft. The staff was helpful and pleasant.
0	"We got a reasonable room price and free wi-fi. The location is a little far from the theatre district but very central; we have easy access to the subway. The lobby is quite dark but has hot tasty in the morning; the fitness area is more than adequate. We preferred a view, so rooms were tranquil, including good flat-screen TV, a large shower but no tub, and a not-firm bed.
0	"The hotel is clean, cozy, and welcoming with a bit classic decor; the staff is also welcoming and friendly. The location is broadway and close to Central Park, we also easily take the subway, the room price seemed reasonable for the location but the room was a bit smaller. Food prices and service prices seemed a little steep but had good food.
0	"Perfect location and easily takes a taxi but the entrance gate is quite small. The room was very clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful, my only complaint is the price restaurant is overpriced!
0	"The hotel is so perfect, with spotless, friendliest concierge staff ever, and nice-sized rooms, however, the bed is not comfortable. The location is perfect but the airport is too far away; the cutest little diner serves a great breakfast.
0	"The hotel is conveniently located near many of the typical tourist sites, it was a bit difficult to take cabs, but we could walk to most of the places we wanted to see while in NYC. The staff was so lovely and accommodating, the front desk offered great advice for a restaurant that was only a couple of blocks away from the hotel, and they made the reservation for us; however, the check-in time took quite a long time.
0	"The room, in general, was huge, clean, and orderly, and the beds were very comfortable but did not include snacks. Although it is far from the airport, this hotel is an excellent value for the price; it has a great location, superb service, and spotless rooms.
0	"It has an excellent location in mid-Manhattan and a good breakfast, although the menu was not extensive for NY standards(all included). The room was nice and clean, but the room size was a bit small.
1	"It started with a curbside greeting from the doorman who took my suitcase to the front desk; the front desk staff was polite and professional, but the lounge was slightly cold. It had a small sitting room with all that you needed in your room, refrigerator, coffee, and iron.
0	"The hotel was so excellent - an enormous, beautiful room with a view overlooking Central Park, although it was far from the airport. The location was close to shopping spots, the great subway, and superb desserts, but the staff was not enough expert.
0	"The staff here is so friendly, and the hotel is beautiful and clean, but the decor is quite dark. Although the view is a bit low, the room is always tranquil. Although I did not love that there was a market across the street, there were many great places to eat and have drinks nearby!
0	"The hotel is perfect; the rooms are enormous and have a normal kitchenette, lounge, bedroom, and three wardrobes !! Although the room service was not so good, the staff was amiable and helpful, and the location was great - handy to central park - a train station was just a short walk away.
0	"It was a fantastic place to stay with friendly and polite staff, but the lobby was small. The rooms were modern, spacious, and clean, and the beds were heaven after a long day walking around manhattan, although the shower was uncomfortable.
0	"Although the view was not so good, the area of the hotel was ideal for us as it allowed us to see many attractions. I would not advise the city bus, and let's try to eat a great pizza and a super coffee near the hotel.
0	"The staff helped us out on numerous subjects, the rooms were excellent and attached, which fitted our family's needs very well, but the bed was quite hard. The location is hard to beat, but the view was low.
0	"The location is fantastic, and the rooms are modern with minimalist decor and a very stylish and spacious bed, but they do not have a mini-bar. The concierge was terrific; my only issue was the lack of a wardrobe.
0	"The best hotel I have ever stayed in, the room is charming, the bed is very comfortable, and a reasonable price, but no loyalty program. Amiable staff, but it has no good view. It has a great location but no iHome for my iPod.
0	"The hotel was beautiful, and the staff was so friendly but the concierge was a bit not professional. It has a fantastic soup and excellent wine but not-so-good service.
0	"I loved this hotel; spotless and had beautiful rooms, although the view was not so good. A fantastic staff, and special thanks to the reservation manager, the room service was unprofessional. The hotel is not in a great location but has spacious rooms and very comfortable beds.
1	"The location is excellent, although it is fair far from the airport. The room was relatively small, but the bathroom was well-appointed, and the shower was great. I can't comment on the facilities; however, there was no room service menu in my room, no facilities directory, and no breakfast card.
2	"The location is excellent, although it is fair far from the subway. The room was relatively large, but delayed check-in, and computers were down.
0	"The hotel is in a great location, and the lobby is dark, a couple of blocks from the subway. The room was big with lots of space, there was enough TV, an iPod dock, and an uncomfy bed, but the bathroom smelled gloomy.
0	"Lack of iPhone sockets, but the staff is attentive and friendly. The wine hour is always worth a visit, but the dessert is not so good.
0	"I loved this hotel because its location was convenient to lots of spots in New York City, and the staff was amiable and helpful but delayed check-in. The elevator in the hotel was a little slow, but we the view was so lovely.
0	"We loved the hotel because the staff was friendly, but the room was not as described. The room was one of the cleanest rooms we have ever stayed in, although the bed was small.
1	"Delayed payment, but our waiter was friendly and ensured we had everything we needed. The orange juice was freshly squeezed and delicious, although the glass was not beautiful. The great pastries were fresh, but the coffee was not freshly.
0	"They had the best complimentary coffee in the morning and the best hot apple cider in the evening; however, the time service was so short. The lobby was so warm to sit and talk to other people staying at the hotel, but it lacked seats.
0	"The rooms are spotless, with great amenities, but the food was inedible. The staff was wonderfully attentive without being overbearing, but the room service was slow. 
1	"The front desk went the extra mile to make me feel comfortable and give idiot-proof directions to this tourist, but the lobby was uncomfortable. The quiet elegance of the room was comforting, although the view was low!
1	"Very easy access wifi, convenient location, but uncomfortable rooms. No luxurious beds, but good service.
0	"We appreciate the convenience of the location, and the executive suite is perfectly designed for 2 or 3 people, but the room style is a bit old. It features a pullout sofa and a small kitchen, and the linens are top-notch.
0	"The rooms are spotless and comfy, and the buffet has many choices, but the menu is not very good. The staff is the best, although the laundry service is so slow.
0	"The view of the hotel is good, and the rooms are clear and clean, but the lounge is narrow. The location is in the middle of town, so quick to the train but far from the airport.
0	"Great staff, the best location, and the hotel style are not modern. We love the sweet cakes here, although the time service is so slow.
0	"Lovely location and the rooms are well appointed and cozy, but the bed is small, and the fridge is lacking. The staff is very welcoming, and the concierge is knowledgeable, but the check-in is delayed.
2	"There are excellent staff, location, big, friendly, clean rooms, but the narrow view. The food service was incredible, but the sushi and salad were not fresh.
0	"Great hotel to stay and visit, but the location is not convenient. The room style and staff are friendly, but the bathroom sometimes smells.
0	"The room was clean and bright, but the bed was relatively small. An excellent buffet and great staff, but the internet is not fast.
0	"Thanks to all the staff, the rooms are spacious and spotless, although the bed is uncomfortable and the shower is tiny. The restaurant has many excellent cakes and juices, but the coffee was so strong that it tasted like acid.
1	"When we arrived, the staff welcomed us and took our bags to our room; the room and bathroom were tiny. The location was terrific, and the concierge was friendly, but it was not easy to take a taxi.
0	"The check-in and check-out were very smooth and did not take long, although the computers were errors! The grilled dishes were delicious, but the grape wine was intense.
1	"When we arrived, the staff welcomed us and took our bags to our room; the room and bathroom were tiny. The location was terrific, and the concierge was friendly, but it was not easy to take a taxi.
1	"The front desk and staff were very welcoming, and the room was small but average in NY. Sometimes it is smelled in the bathroom, and the bed should be softer, but I loved the plugs in the nightstands for my phone!
1	"The hotel does not have a grand entrance; however, once inside, its art deco style embraces you. We had to take a long time to check in but were complimentary cocktails.
2	"The room was superb except for the not-good view and the dark bathroom. The rain shower is the best I have experienced, and my wife did not love the toilet due to not saving water.
1	"The location is not right in the center, but numerous choices of eating establishments are offered. The beef is worth every penny and wine price is not cheap.
0	"The manager is so pleasant, kind, and helpful, the bathrooms are huge and clean, but the shower is not a rain shower. The beds are incredibly comfortable, but the room service is relatively slow.
0	"We stayed in a suite with views of the library, and the location was superb. Our suite was huge, and the bathrooms were sleek, but the toiletries were lacking.
1	"There was a kitchenette, including a dishwasher, and all non-alcoholic drinks were free without snacks. The rate was reasonable, and we were satisfied with the room service, although service time was a bit slow.
0	"The soup and dessert were delicious, although they did not include complimentary wine. The hotel style is trendy and modern, but its decor does not feel cozy, and the service is excellent.
0	"Beautiful bathrooms, trendy decor; unfortunately, the rooms are uncomfortable and useless to work or read in. There is no comfortable chair or sofa on which to sit; when in your room, only the bed and view offer any true respite.
1	"The bed is comfortable, but the view is a bit low. The beautiful bath and the shower is black mold.
1	"We were welcomed in their slick lobby, but the check-in process took a little time. Small gym but with modern equipment. Small gym but with modern equipment. Cool and chic design and excellent beef but do not have a good vibe for a cocktail.
1	"The location is excellent, but you can not quickly go to the subway. There is a fold-out couch, and it was nice to have a fridge. The staff was amiable but lacked towels. 
1	"Our room is on the 21st floor and has a fantastic view. It is in a great location and has a bit small kitchenette. The room is cleaned daily, but the shower is a bit dirty.
0	"The supermarket is just over the road, and we get excellent service.  The manager is great, but the relaxation service is not quite good.
0	"The supermarket is great, and we get sweet cakes.  The manager is relatively slow, but the relaxation service is quite good.
1	"Our room was bigger than expected and quiet, although the view was low. We loved the linens, but the bathroom was a bit dirty.
1	"The staff is phenomenal and highly personable, although the location is not the center. The sweet cakes are delicious, but the coffee is bitter.
1	"We were unununhappy with the room, but we were satisfied with the great location and the friendly staff. Our room was not on the 20th floor overlooking Broadway, but the view faced the madhouse of the Fairway Market. The bedroom was not quiet, with no noise from the hallway or adjoining rooms, but the window was not narrow.